id	title	abstract
82901821	The religious census of 1851 in Yorkshire	Examines the patterns of religious worship revealed in the Census and discussing the reliability of the data and the uses it can be put to
591441752	Quantifying the complexity of plant reproductive structures reveals a history of morphological and functional integration	Vascular plant reproductive structures have undoubtedly become more complex through time, evolving highly differentiated parts that interact in specialized ways. But quantifying these patterns at broad scales is challenging because lineages produce disparate reproductive structures that are often difficult to compare and homologize. We develop a novel approach for analysing interactions within reproductive structures using networks, treating component parts as nodes and a suite of physical and functional interactions among parts as edges. We apply this approach to the plant fossil record, showing that interactions have generally increased through time and that the concentration of these interactions has shifted towards differentiated surrounding organs, resulting in more compact, functionally integrated structures. These processes are widespread across plant lineages, but their extent and timing vary with reproductive biology; in particular, seed-producing structures show them more strongly than spore or pollen-producing structures. Our results demonstrate that major reproductive innovations like the origin of seeds and angiospermy were associated with increased integration through greater interactions among parts. But they also reveal that for certain groups, particularly Mesozoic gymnosperms, millions of years elapsed between the origin of reproductive innovations and increased interactions among parts within their reproductive structures
493194085	Anti-Trafficking (ILL-)Efforts: The Legal Regulation of Women’s Bodies and Relationships in Cambodia	Global imaginations on human trafficking have been captured by a robust mythology that constructs the consenting Third World sex worker as simply a victim of trafficking for sexual exploitation. This anti-trafficking discourse has influenced Cambodia’s legal reform, which has resulted in an increase of abuse against sex workers and has denied Cambodian women their right to marry foreign men. Despite evidence indicating the diversity of the sex industry and its correlation to different levels of sex workers’ autonomy, decision-makers have failed to revise the anti-trafficking framework to reflect the reality of the divergent lives of women who engage in sex as a livelihood
479296219	Unemployment and Making a Living	The issue of employment seems simple on the surface but conceals complexity and contestation. The massive transformations in global economy and society over the last decades include the huge change from rural to urban societies; disruptive changes from predominantly agrarian towards precarious service sector 'informal' employment; and moves from mechanical forms of industry towards the information age and the rise of the internet
478833192	‘Epidemics in a Mist’: Medical Climatology and Cholera in Victorian Visual Culture	The article explores how Victorian visual culture was a vital force in the construction and dissemination of medical theories on the connection between climate and health. During the nineteenth century, the seemingly inexplicable and deadly nature of many epidemic diseases compelled British medics to investigate all possible reasons for their spread. Focusing on cholera, the article will examine how, in an effort to understand what was seen at the time as a mysterious disease, Victorian medics increasingly concentrated on the climate of India and unusual weather in Britain as propagators of the malady. Supplementing the dominant miasma theory, medics explained how the seemingly airborne sources of cholera resulted from a state of England’s air that resembled the tropical environment of the subcontinent. In an effort to highlight the correlation between cholera and the atmosphere, they produced medical climatology reports containing diagrams that juxtaposed the data on the disease’s mortality rates with measurements of meteorological phenomena. These images, rather than serving simply as illustrations, became a crucial part of medical arguments. As the article will demonstrate, in attempting to visualize the medical climatology of cholera, the diagrams mapped the disease to certain atmospheric conditions, suggesting that cholera could be quantified and controlled. Yet, in doing so, the images also implied that cholera had a real material presence in the air of Britain, powerfully evoking visual tropes of the disease as a substance that had the potential to contaminate the very landscape of the nation
589997137	Transiting Exoplanet Yields for the Roman Galactic Bulge Time Domain Survey Predicted from Pixel-level Simulations	The Nancy Grace Roman Space Telescope (Roman) is NASA’s next astrophysics flagship mission, expected to launch in late 2026. As one of Roman’s core community science surveys, the Galactic Bulge Time Domain Survey (GBTDS) will collect photometric and astrometric data for over 100 million stars in the Galactic bulge in order to search for microlensing planets. To assess the potential with which Roman can detect exoplanets via transit, we developed and conducted pixel-level simulations of transiting planets in the GBTDS. From these simulations, we predict that Roman will find between ∼60,000 and ∼200,000 transiting planets—over an order of magnitude more planets than are currently known. While the majority of these planets will be giants (Rp > 4R⊕) on close-in orbits (a p ⊕). The yield for small planets depends sensitively on the observing cadence and season duration, with variations on the order of ∼10%–20% for modest changes in either parameter, but is generally insensitive to the trade between surveyed area and cadence given constant slew/settle times. These predictions depend sensitively on the Milky Way’s metallicity distribution function, highlighting an opportunity to significantly advance our understanding of exoplanet demographics, in particular across stellar populations and Galactic environments
589997141	How might the study of the Brady Photographic Archive contribute to the understanding of the changing reception and use of vernacular photography in art history?	None
541720690	Mobile Messaging and Resourcefulness: A Post-digital Ethnography	This book advocates a new post-digital linguistic ethnography approach to unpacking mobile communication and enabling a more informed understanding of individuals’ communicative practices in cities today. Drawing on data from a group of ordinary working people, multilingual individuals from superdiverse cities across the United Kingdom, the volume brings observations from this data together to form a new concept of ‘resourcefulness’ as a means of explaining the emergent sense of agency individuals develop towards remediating existing forms of technology in their everyday lives. The book in turn establishes the notion of the ‘networked individual’ by way of demonstrating the ways in which communicative practices cross spaces and platforms. Further chapters detail examples to highlight resourcefulness at work in enabling more efficient business communication, routes to self-expression and the creation and development of social support systems, while a concluding chapter looks at both the limitations and possibilities of resourcefulness and directions for future research. This innovative volume will be of particular interest to students and researchers in applied linguistics, sociolinguistics, linguistic ethnography, and media and communication studies
428927379	Toward an LGBT-affirmative informed paradigm for children who break gender norms: A comment on Drummond et al	In this commentary, the author reviews methodological and conceptual shortcomings of recent articles by K. D. Drummond, S. J. Bradley, M. Peterson-Badali, and K. J. Zucker (2008) as well as G. Rieger, J. A. W. Linsenmeier, L. Gygax, and J. M. Bailey (2008), which sought to predict adult sexual identity from childhood gender identity. The author argues that such research needs to incorporate a greater awareness of how stigmatization affects identity processes. Multidimensional models of gender identity that describe variation in children’s responses to pressure to conform to gender norms are particularly useful in this regard (S. K. Egan & D. G. Perry, 2001). Experiments on the interpretation of developmental data are reviewed to evidence how cultural assumptions about sexuality can impact theories of sexual identity development in unintended ways. The author concludes that understanding the development of children presumed most likely to grow up with sexual minority identities requires a consideration of the cultural contexts in which identities develop and in which psychologists theorize
590242813	Nursing students experiences of end-of-life care	Background: Undergraduate nursing students spend a significant amount of time in clinical placements where they are involved in care at the end of a person's life and care after death. While their role is to provide compassionate care, some students feel wholly unprepared. Aims: The aim of this qualitative study was to explore student nurses’ experiences of care in death, dying and post death care, and to explore how students can be better prepared to provide such care. Methods: This is a qualitative descriptive study that is concerned with the subjective reality of participant's experiences. Findings: Six themes were developed from the analysis: first encounters with death and dying; preparedness; mentoring and support received; the caring role; striving to cope; working with families and working through COVID-19. Conclusion: Students described their experience of placements in end-of-life care as challenging, yet were also able to adopt ways to develop as compassionate practitioners
478919686	A Generalization of the Zipf-Mandelbrot Law in Linguistics	Human language evolved by natural mechanisms into an efficient system capable of coding and transmitting highly structured information [12, 13, 14]. As a remarkable complex system it allows many levels of description across its organizational hierarchy [1, 11, 18]. In this context statistical analysis stands as a valuable tool in order to reveal robust structural patterns that may have resulted from its long evolutionary history. In this chapter we shall address the statistical regularities of human language at its most basic level of description, namely the rank-frequency distribution of words. Around 1932 the philologist George Zipf [6, 19, 20] noted the manifestation of several robust power-law distributions arising in different realms of human activity. Among them, the most striking was undoubtedly the one referring to the distribution of words frequencies in human languages. The best way to introduce Zipf's law for words is by means of a concrete example. Let us take a literary work, say, James Joyce's Ulysses, and perform some basic statistics on it, whic simply consists in counting all the words present in the text and noting how many occurrences each distinct word form has. For this particular text we should arrive at the following numbers: the total number of words N = 268,112, and the number of different word forms V = 28,838. We can now order the list of different words according to decreasing number of occurrences, and we can assign to each word a rank index s equal to its position in the list starting from the most frequent word. Some general features of the rank-ordered list of words can be mentioned at this point. First, the top-rank words are functional components of language devoid of direct meaning, such as the article the and prepositions, for instance. A few ranks down the list, words more related to the contents of the text start to appear
590242806	[Book Review] Anandini Dar, Divya Kannan (Eds) Childhood and youth in India: Engagements with modernity	None
541720661	(Wo)men in the Middle: The Gendered Role of Supporting Prisoners	Prisons are, by their very nature, gendered institutions. Despite women making up a small percentage of the prison population (House of Commons Library, 2020), those supporting prisoners are generally women - especially mothers and partners (Booth and Masson, 2021; Codd, 2008). In understanding women’s experiences of criminal justice, it is prudent to consider the women who are punished by the system despite not being incarcerated themselves. This chapter sheds light on these women’s experiences. First, through a review of the growing international literature that illustrates how the economic and relational implications as well as the health, stigma and care for children of prisoners are overwhelmingly experienced by women in the community attempting to keep their families together. Following this, a case study showcasing the excellent work of one organisation, The Straight Path Resettlement Project (SPR) in Leicester, England, discusses Ferzana Dakri’s experience of working in the community with ‘BAME’ Muslim women who have imprisoned loved ones. In viewing prison as sites of punishment, and appreciating how these pains extend beyond those incarcerated, this chapter draws attention to the multiple ways that women supporting prisoners are simultaneously harmed
590242804	“Fearless” exploration of creative methodology in research	Drawing upon experiences from using photo elicitation in a recent PRAXIS funded project, this session will be an interactive workshop allowing the participants, academics, and researchers to think about creative qualitative approaches that could aid in better understanding of ideas and concepts for participants with diverse characteristics. Whilst these methods have the power to engage different groups, they can also create different barriers to participation which require careful thought and planning.  The academics and researchers have to engage in a “fearless exploration” and pursuit of qualitative methodology that can interface and bridge the gaps created by discipline training, overcoming researcher bias, and fear of losing control in methodology and research. The creative qualitative methods in research can aid in creating even playing field for research to find meaningful, easy, and stress-free ways of engaging with the participants. The one-hour session will be divided into three parts. 1.	Past-Creative Research technique and barriers to creative confidence (15 minutes)- Sharing use of Photo elicitation technique and its powerful use with Neurodivergent students – Share the pictures and the narratives from the research. (Bhandari and Rainford, 2023).Barriers to break to be creatively confident- Fear of the unknown, fear of judgement, fear of first step and fear of losing control (Rainford, 2022)2.	Present -Building creative confidence in a group (15 minutes) – Through practical exploration of elicitation techniques using existing photos, object-based methods, and participant imagery we will explore how to demonstrate and think about difficult concepts, creating creative spaces for their students, and making the research and teaching more impactful. 3.	Future-Way forward with the qualitative creative methods (15 minutes) – Group discussion of the potential advantages, disadvantages, and possible impact of elicitation methods as a useful tool to use with flexibility and participation with diverse participants. 4.	 Questions. (15 mins)References. Bhandari, R. and Rainford, J., (2023). Exploring the Transitions of Neurodivergent Access Students to Level One Study: Narratives of Study Skills and Support. International Journal of Educational and Life Transitions, 2(1), p.5.DOI: https://doi.org/10.5334/ijelt.38Braun, V., & Clarke, V. (2022). Toward good practice in thematic analysis: Avoiding common problems and be(com)ing a knowing researcher, International Journal of Transgender Health. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1080/26895269.2022.2129597  Rainford, J(2022)Blog Post The role of creative confidence in creative research methods — Dr. Jon Rainford (Accessed 19/9/23)Vincent, J., Potts, M., Fletcher, D., Hodges, S., Howells, J., Mitchell, A., Mallon, B., & Ledger, T. (2017). ‘I think autism is like running on windows while everyone else is a mac’: using a participatory action research approach with students on the autistic spectrum to rearticulate autism and the lived experience of university. Educational Action Research, 25(2), 300–315. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1080/09650792.2016.1153978  Vincent, J., Potts, M., Fletcher, D., Hodges, S., Howells, J., Mitchell, A., Mallon, B., & Ledger, T. (2017). ‘I think autism is like running on windows while everyone else is a mac’: using a participatory action research approach with students on the autistic spectrum to rearticulate autism and the lived experience of university. Educational Action Research, 25(2), 300–315. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1080/09650792.2016.115397
478547462	Stimulus specificity of cortico-cortical connections optimizes information transmission	Neurons in visual cortex receive most inputs from other cortical neurons with similar stimulus preference. To understand the role of this arrangement in information transmission we use a computational model to quantify the information about external stimuli that a typical cortical neuron receives through its cortico-cortical synapses. We find that efficient readout of the information encoded by an afferent population with orientation tuning similar to that observed in area V1 requires the spread of orientation preferences of excitatory cortical afferents to take a value in agreement with experiments. We suggest that the organization of V1 cortico-cortical synapses allows efficient information transmission
564341549	ChatGPT and the Future of Legal Education and Practice	The launch of ChatGPT, a natural language open-source AI platform, in November 2022 has taken the world by storm and artificial intelligence appears to be at a watershed moment in technological advancement. This article explores the emergence of ChatGPT and considers the implications for legal education and practice. It will examine how Law Schools can develop strategies for assessments to make them more challenging for generative AI while educating students on its potential in the workplace. All legal educators are now on a journey to navigate the complexities of open-source AI technology and comprehend its implications. We cannot ignore or underestimate the potential impact on both legal education and legal practice, and we must consider new methods to incorporate AI technology into our teaching
590242797	Improved QE in CMOS image sensors with nano-black antireflection layer	A novel anti-reflection process is demonstrated which improves the quantum efficiency (QE) of a CMOS image sensor, with particular benefits at the ultraviolet (UV) and near infrared (NIR) ends of the electromagnetic spectrum. Also, the dark current and photoresponse non-uniformity (PRNU) were reduced to about 33% and 55%, respectively, of the values for a conventional control sensor. The nano-black anti-reflection layer was made using a reactive-ion-etch technique to form nano-scale spikes at the surface which greatly reduce the reflectivity of the surface, which has a matt-black appearance. The sensor used, a CIS115 from Teledyne-e2v, is a back-sideilluminated (BSI) device with ≈10 µm active silicon thickness and 2000 X 1504 pinned photodiode pixels with a pitch of 7 µm. The improved QE is most impressive at UV wavelengths, below 400 nm, where the QE increases towards 100%, although no correction was made for an increased electron generation rate, as this is not easily quantified. This high QE result is compared with a conventional antireflection (AR) coating which shows a steep drop in QE below 400 nm. There is also an improvement in QE in the NIR (from 700 nm to 1100 nm) for the nano-black sensor, and this is despite the approx. 1 µm thinning of the silicon by the etching process, which would normally reduce the QE. Some of the QE improvement may be the result of increased scattering of the incident light, which is supported by the reduced PRNU
477971419	The stochastic Burgers equation with vorticity: Semiclassical asymptotic series solutions with applications	We consider a stochastic Burgers type equation which incorporates a vector potential. The solution of this equation is not of gradient form and so this equation can be described as a stochastic Burgers equation with vorticity. Building on previous work on the standard stochastic Burgers equation, we discuss the related Hamilton-Jacobi theory in detail and show how to find semiclassical series expansions for our stochastic Burgers equation with vorticity. We examine the behaviour of the solution in the inviscid limit and discuss the geometric structure of the resulting singularities. We illustrate these results with an example of a Burgers type fluid in a rotating bucket under a harmonic oscillator potential. We conclude with a discussion of the relationship between the correspondence limit of Nelson's stochastic mechanics and stationary state solutions for Burgers equations and illustrate an example of the equations studied in this paper arising from considerations of the Coulomb potential
541053463	In Search of the Lost City: The Enduring Absence of Pompeii	Soon after the eruption of Vesuvius in 79 CE, Pompeii seemed to have vanished. The buried city maintained a presence in the region’s collective memory primarily as an overwhelming absence, repressed even in the near-contemporary poetry that ruminated on its demise. In such texts, the name of Pompeii is conspicuous by its absence, and the shock over the swallowing up of this solid ancestral ground is keenly felt. This chapter argues that Martial, Statius, and others initiate the trope of Pompeii as an absent presence that continues to characterize our responses to the site today, even in the face of the apparently abundant materiality of the site. By following Pompeii’s disappearing act from these Latin authors through a variety of more recent engagements with the city – from the subterranean journey to the site in Jacopo Sannazaro’s Arcadia (1504), to the sci-fi dislocation of the city in Amelie Nothomb’s novella, Péplum (1996), and the recent video installation Soleil Noir (2014), in which Pompeii becomes a post-human landscape – we can observe Pompeii’s importance as a locus for understanding the absences that permeate Roman culture, and our modern receptions of it
591806949	Validation of Chinese version of the 5-item WHO well-being index in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients	Background: For better disease management and improved prognosis, early identification of co-morbid depression in diabetic patients is warranted. the WHO-5 well-being index (WHO-5) has been used to screen for depression in diabetic patients, and its Chinese version (WHO-5-C) has been validated. However, its psychometric properties remain to be further validated in the type 2 diabetes patient population. The aim of our study was to examine the reliability and validity of the WHO-5-C in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Methods: The cross-sectional study was conducted on 200 patients from July 2014 to March 2015. All patients should complete the WHO-5-C, the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), the 20-item Problem Areas in Diabetes Scale (PAID-20), the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview (M.I.N.I), and Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D). Internal consistency of WHO-5 was revealed by Cronbach’s alpha, and constructive validity by confirmatory factor analysis (CFA). Relationship with PHQ-9, HAM-D, and PAID-20 was examined for concurrent validity, and ROC analysis was performed for criterion validity. Results: The WHO-5-C presented satisfactory reliability (Cronbach’s alpha = 0.88). CFA confirmed the unidimensional factor structure of WHO-5-C. The WHO-5-C had significant negative correlation with HAM-D (r = -0.610), PHQ-9 (r = -0.694) and PAID-20 (r = -0.466), confirming good concurrent validity. Using M.I.N.I as the gold standard, the cut-off value of WHO-5-C was 42, with a sensitivity of 0.83 and specificity of 0.75. Conclusion: The WHO-5-C holds satisfactory reliability and validity that is suitable for depression screening in type 2 diabetes patients as a short and convenient instrument
478547507	Mapping Disagreement around Smart City devices	This paper is a preliminary report of a longterm participant-actor ethnography following a Smart City mobile phone app that is part of a EU research project. The study uses an actor-network theory approach to follow the app and via interviews with the app designer and observations of the EU research project, argues that these technologies are surprising human/machine hybrids whose main qualities are their affective affordances which enrol large numbers of users. The paper tracks a number of contradictory framings and uncovers ontological disagreement about what the app is sensing. Smart City technologies have not been black boxed yet, and are still at the stage of performing as affective hybrids that need to enrol actors. This means that the networks around Smart Cities are still malleable and it is still possible to critique existing tools and to develop new models and forms of agency for Smart City technologies
591806945	La enseñanza del español a personas refugiadas y desplazadas. Revisión de alcance [Teaching Spanish to refugees and displaced persons. A scoping review.]	En los últimos años, se ha producido un aumento en la oferta de cursos de español dirigidos a personas refugiadas y desplazadas, lo que a su vez ha generado un crecimiento en las investigaciones sobre la enseñanza del español a estos colectivos. Con el objetivo de contribuir a un mejor conocimiento de la enseñanza y el aprendizaje del español en estos contextos, este artículo ofrece una revisión de alcance sobre las experiencias de enseñanza de español a personas inmigrantes, refugiadas y solicitantes de asilo, el perfil del alumnado y del profesorado y el tipo de materiales que se utilizan conforme se reportan en la investigación especializada. Los resultados destacan el papel de las organizaciones no gubernamentales en la enseñanza del español a estos colectivos e indican problemas como la ausencia de un currículum especializado, el absentismo o la falta de investigaciones que analicen la adquisición del español por quienes se incorporan a la enseñanza reglada. [In recent years, there has been an increase in Spanish courses for refugees and displaced persons, leading to a growth in research on the teaching of Spanish to these groups. With the aim of contributing to a better understanding of the teaching and learning of Spanish in these contexts, this article provides a scoping review of the teaching experiences reported by specialized research, also examining the students’ and teachers’ profiles and the types of materials used. Results highlight the role of non-governmental organizations and charities in teaching Spanish to these groups and point out issues such as the lack of a specialized curriculum, learners’ absenteeism, and the shortage of research analyzing the acquisition of Spanish by those entering formal education.
541053472	[Book Review] Music, Dance, and Drama in Early Modern English Schools	None
564341486	Innovations in cancer nursing education across Europe.	With 2.7 million people in the European Union diagnosed with cancer, 1.3 million people dying from cancer in 2020 and, without intervention, the mortality rates attributed to cancer projected to increase by 24% by 2035, there have been powerful mandates at European level to tackle the burden of cancer across Europe and at national level ( European Commission, 2021a , European Commission, 2021b ). Nurses play an important role caring for people affected by cancer as members of multi-disciplinary teams and playing a pivotal role in delivering, leading, developing cancer care and services at clinical and strategic levels ( Mitema et al., 2019 ; European Oncology Nursing Society, 2022 ). However, nursing and cancer care face challenges arising from workforce shortages, under-investment in services, variable education opportunities and under representation in decision-making. In response, Drury et al., 2023 set out an agenda for innovation and disruption across education, policy, research, profession and practice to ensure the sustainability of cancer care services and care for people living with, and after cancer. These authors argue for partnership, exchange of learning and co-design for the continued advancement of cancer nursing, with a critical focus on identifying and addressing inequities in role recognition and access to specialist cancer nursing education throughout Europe
564341485	I think…that all teachers should do this so they can learn new stuff like us [Blogpost]	None
590688426	Wearable Technologies to Support Lower Limb Rehabilitation and Clinical Practice: user requirements, design and evaluation	The widespread adoption of wearable technologies in healthcare has the potential to bring about significant improvements. However, these technologies face design challenges when applied in real world settings and must be tailored to specific contexts of use and the needs of a diverse user base. This thesis investigates these issues in two distinct yet related areas of healthcare: neurorehabilitation and clinical movement analysis.In neurorehabilitation, the research builds on previous work that demonstrated the effectiveness of wearable rhythmic haptic metronomes in improving and measuring the gait of individuals with neurological conditions in laboratory settings. This study takes this approach into the community and care home settings, using a technology probe method to identify the real-life requirements and design considerations of potential end-users and clinicians. This process identified a range of physical, sensory, and cognitive issues that are relevant to the design of the haptic metronomes, including haptic perception ability, wearability, interaction techniques, and individual preferences for body placement.The second part of the thesis initially focused on the potential of active cueing for musculoskeletal conditions, but formative discussions with specialist physiotherapists and orthopaedic surgeons suggested that wearable clinical movement analysis would be a more suitable focus. Currently, proprietary systems for objectively assessing lower limb movements are either poorly suited or too expensive. To address this gap, non-proprietary software called MoJoXlab, paired with low-cost wearable inertial sensors was validated against high-end commercial software to perform clinical movement analysis. The results of these tests were compared across a range of activities, including walking, squatting, and jumping. MoJoXlab was further validated with a different sensor system, and limitations and nuances of supporting multiple sensor systems were identified.Overall, this thesis highlights the importance of considering the needs and preferences of diverse users and the specific conditions and contexts in which wearable technologies will be used to effectively design and implement these technologies in healthcare
591806906	Construction and Characterisation of CDR20291 ΔPaLoc Model Strains for the Study of Binary Toxin Regulation in Clostridium difficile.	Clostridium difficile is a Gram-positive, spore forming, anaerobic bacterium and is the leading cause of hospital-associated diarrhoea in the developed world. The two large monoglycosylating toxins A and B have long been recognised as the major virulence factors of C. difficile infection (CDI). The genes encoding these toxins reside on a conserved locus referred to as the PaLoc. So-called hyprevirulent or epidemic strains of C. difficile produce a third toxin in addition to A and B, the binary toxin, or CDT, from a different chromosomal locus. Initially the relevance of binary toxin to CDI was unknown but recent advances suggest that CDT plays a major role in C. difficile virulence.The Kuehne group seeks to further investigate the relevance of CDT to C. difficile virulence, and to unravel the molecular mechanisms regulating the production of binary toxin. In order to accomplish this effectively, it is necessary to be able to quantify binary toxin production without interference from the main virulence factors, Toxin A and B. This is best achieved by the construction of PaLoc-minus mutants of a hypervirulent strain such as CDR20291.In this study we have deleted the entire 18.42Kb PaLoc by two-step allelic exchange in CDR20291 ΔpyrE and CDR20291 ΔpyrEΔcdtR backgrounds. Supernatants collected from cultured mutants contained no detectable toxin A/B as determined by ELISA and did not induce cell-rounding in the Vero cell culture model without prior CDT activation.To our knowledge, this is the first published description of a clean in-frame ΔPaLoc mutant of C. difficile
591441735	Collecting Stories of Identity and Culture with Young people: The Synallactic Collective Image Technique	The leader of an arts-based workshop, Evangelia, has asked the young people involved to consider a time they translated or interpreted and to think about how they were feeling. One young man named Tariq looks unsure and mumbles, ‘I don’t got feelings’ and then asks the question more loudly: ‘do you have feelings when you translate, do you have feelings?’. A couple of his friends smile but no one replies. Throughout the workshop he casts sideways looks at the others’ drawings. In the end, with a black pen he draws an oval face, with two round circles for eyes that are blank in the middle. The face has a little bit of hair, a line for a nose and a round circle for the mouth. The only bit of colour is a red tongue in the mouth. It is a stark face, for its lack of detail. For his story Tariq writes: ‘don’t have any story about translating, mean I do but don’t really remember them’, and ‘don’t have any feelings while I am translating’, and on the back of his drawing he writes ‘#Nofeelings’ and, a little further down the page, ‘Concern’. This excerpt is drawn from an arts-based workshop which was part of an Arts and Humanities Research Council-funded project, based at the Thomas Coram Research Unit (TCRU) between 2014–17. The project focused on child language brokers; children and young people who translate and interpret for family members, peers and the local community. In this chapter, we focus on one of our arts-based workshops that employed the Synallactic Collective Image Technique (SCIT), a technique used for sharing personal and collective stories, memories and experiences. In this instance, we brought together a group of young language brokers (aged 13–16) who took part in a SCIT workshop. Through sharing individual drawings and narratives of personal experiences of language brokering, interpersonal transactions within the group unfold
478547503	Turning Controversies into Questions of Design: Prototyping Alternative Metrics for Heathrow Airport	None
564341466	Beliefs of fun in learning and attitudes to inclusive education	A significant proportion of teachers are concerned about their capacity to satisfy the educational requirements of students with disabilities in general education classrooms. Fun in learning also has a good effect on the implementation of inclusion, as does the attitude of the teachers. There needs to be more data to support the differing perspectives on inclusive education held by general and special education teachers. This study's objective is to examine the outlook on inclusive education held by general and special education instructors in Indonesia and the link between their belief in fun teaching and learning. The Multidimensional Attitudes toward Inclusive Education Scales (MATIES) will be used to investigate attitudes about inclusive education. It comprises of 18 questions that are aimed at assessing the emotional, cognitive, and behavioral aspects of attitudes toward inclusion in an efficient way. The ten-item questionnaire has been devised to assess the fun of teaching and learning. Validity and dependability were used in the development of the instruments, whereas the Bivariate Correlate test was utilized to analyze the data. The highest subscale mean of teachers’ attitudes towards inclusion on the 1 to 6 scale is a behavioral scale which has a mean of approximately 4,82 (SD=0,79), and the mean for teachers belief about fun in learning is 3,27 from range 1 to 4 and SD=0,29 which is a high level of belief of fun in teaching
591441790	A Device for Prehabilitation of Total Knee Replacement Surgery (Slider): Usability Study	Background: Rehabilitation, or “prehabilitation,” is essential in preparing for and recovering from knee replacement surgery. The recent demand for these services has surpassed available resources, a situation further strained by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has led to a pivot toward digital solutions such as web- or app-based videos and wearables. These solutions, however, face challenges with user engagement, calibration requirements, and skin contact issues. This study evaluated the practicality of a low-contact, gamified device designed to assist with prehabilitation exercises.Objective: The study aimed to assess the practicality and user-friendliness of a newly designed physiotherapy device (Slider) that enables exercise monitoring without the need for direct contact with the skin.Methods: A total of 17 patients awaiting knee replacement surgery at a UK National Health Service (NHS) hospital participated in this study. They used the device over a 2-week period and subsequently provided feedback through a usability and acceptability questionnaire.Results:The study was completed by all participants, with a majority (13/17, 76%) finding the device intuitive and easy to use. The majority of patients were satisfied with the device’s ability to meet their presurgery physiotherapy requirements (16/17, 94%) and expressed a willingness to continue using it (17/17, 100%). No safety issues or adverse effects were reported by the participants.Conclusions: The results indicate that the device was found to be a feasible option for patients to conduct presurgery physiotherapy exercises independently, away from a clinical setting. Further research involving a larger and more diverse group of participants is recommended to validate these findings more robustly
492011049	Long-term floristic and climatic stability of northern Indochina: Evidence from the Oligocene Ha Long flora, Vietnam	The antiquity of the tropical Asian flora is being revealed by recent detailed work on a number of Cenozoic plant megafossil sites, some of which have been radiometrically dated for the first time, but our knowledge of how the highly diverse modern biota came into being remains poor due to a sparsity of records. In this paper, we describe fossil plant assemblages from the Oligocene Dong Ho Formation of the Ha Long region, northern Vietnam. The Oligocene Ha Long megafossil flora has so far yielded 38 species, including conifers and angiosperms mainly belonging to Fagaceae, Lauraceae and Dipterocarpaceae, all with significant tropical Asian kinship. The Ha Long flora is similar to other Paleogene floras from southern China, especially those from the Pan Gulf of Tonkin region. The Ha Long floral composition is typical of a tropical-subtropical ecotone and the vegetation is reconstructed as a lowland tropical evergreen forest mixed with calcicole (limestone-loving) taxa. These taxa and the vegetation type they comprise still exist in this area. Palaeoclimate reconstruction made using both the Coexistence Approach and the Climate Leaf Analysis Multivariate Program indicate a mean annual temperature of ~20 °C, a coldest month mean temperature around 10 °C, and yearly precipitation averaging almost 2000 mm. These results suggest a warm and humid peripheral tropical environment. Floristic and climatic comparison within the Ha Long and other southern China palaeofloras reveals a long-term environmental, floristic and vegetational stability in this region since the Paleogene. This long-maintained plant diversity also provided a source for populating the East Asian flora and vegetation after the late Paleogene East Asian arid belt retreat
479004898	Techno-Legal Supertoys: Smart Contracts and the Fetishization of Legal Certainty	Smart Legal Contracts: Computable Law in Theory and Practice is a landmark investigation into one of the most important trends at the interface of law and technology: the effort to harness emerging digital technologies to change the way that parties form and perform contracts. While developments in distributed ledger technology have brought the topic of 'smart contracts' into the mainstream of legal attention, this volume takes a broader approach to ask how computers can be used in the contracting process.This book assesses how contractual promises are expressed in software and how code-based artefacts can be incorporated within more conventional legal structures. With incisive contributions from members of the judiciary, legal scholars, practitioners, and computer scientists, this book sets out to frame the borders of an emerging area of law and start a more productive dialogue between the various disciplines involved in the evolution of contracts as software. It provides the first step towards a more disciplined approach to computational contracts that avoids the techno-legal ambiguities of 'smart contracts' and reveals an emerging taxonomy of approaches to encoding contracts in whole or in part. Conceived and written during a time when major legal systems began to engage with the advent of contracts in computable form, and aimed at a fundamental level of enquiry, this collection will provide essential insight into future trends and will provide a point of orientation for future scholarship and innovation
565843280	The Implications of Large Language Models for CS Teachers and Student	The introduction of Large Language Models (LLMs) has generated a significant amount of excitement both in industry and among researchers. Recently, tools that leverage LLMs have made their way into the classroom where they help students generate code and help instructors generate learning materials. There are likely many more uses of these tools -- both beneficial to learning and possibly detrimental to learning. To help ensure that these tools are used to enhance learning, educators need to not only be familiar with these tools, but with their use and potential misuse. The goal of this BoF is to raise awareness about LLMs and to build a learning community around their use in computing education. Aligned with this goal of building an inclusive learning community, our BoF is led by globally distributed discussion leaders, including undergraduate researchers, to facilitate multiple coordinated discussions that can lead to a broader conversation about the role of LLMs in CS education
591441730	Confidentiality: a pocket guide for nursing and health care	In some ways confidentiality is a bit of a legal oddity and conundrum in health care. This is because it is something that all health care practitioners are required by their regulatory body to uphold, and there are very good reasons why they should do so, patients expect it to happen, and health care practitioners themselves believe that they have to maintain it; yet there is no absolute obligation on a health are practitioner to keep a patient’s information confidential. This book is a handy pocket-sized guide to confidentiality that clarifies the obligations that a health care practitioner has to their patient and the patient’s personal information. It places confidentiality in the clinical setting and relates the concepts underlying confidentiality and the principles of confidentiality to your practice
591441828	Material Setting and Reform Experience in English Institutions for Fallen Women, 1838-1910	Tracing the history of four English case studies, this book explores how, from outward appearance to interior furnishings, the material worlds of reform institutions for ‘fallen’ women reflected their moral purpose and shaped the lived experience of their inmates. Variously known as asylums, refuges, magdalens, penitentiaries, Houses or Homes of Mercy, the goal of such institutions was the moral ‘rehabilitation’ of unmarried but sexually experienced ‘fallen’ women. Largely from the working-classes, such women – some of whom had been sex workers – were represented in contradictory terms. Morally tainted and a potential threat to respectable family life, they were also worthy of pity and in need of ‘saving’ from further sin. Fuelled by rising prostitution rates, from the early decades of the nineteenth century the number of moral reform institutions for ‘fallen’ women expanded across Britain and Ireland. Through a programme of laundry, sewing work and regular religious instruction, the period of institutionalisation and moral re-education of around two years was designed to bring about a change in behaviour, readying inmates for economic self-sufficiency and re-entry into society in respectable domestic service. To achieve their goal, institutional authorities deployed an array of ritual, material, religious and disciplinary tools, with mixed results
591441754	Towards a post-imperial and Global IR?: Revisiting Khatami’s Dialogue among Civilisations	This article argues that Dialogue among Civilisations can be put forward as a crucial contribution to debates addressing IR’s Eurocentrism. It highlights the blurring of West/non-West, domestic/international, and imperial/post-imperial bifurcations. This is evident in three ways. First, Dialogue among Civilisations needs to be appreciated in Iran’s wider historical context and its multifaceted intellectual heritages. This demonstrates that the idea of the West as distinctly different from the East is problematic because of engagement between Iran and the so-called West. Second, Khatami’s intellectual endeavours are based on a simultaneous engagement with Western political thought, Islamic philosophy, and the idea of Ancient Iran. Finally, the notion itself reflects an internal dialogue whereby Western civilisation along with Islam and Iran’s pre-Islamic heritages are considered integral to Iranian political culture. Furthermore, it is an aspiration for how post-colonial Muslim societies can engage with colonial power while maintaining a post-colonial authenticity. Our contention is that an in-depth understanding of Iran alongside a revisiting of Khatami’s Dialogue among Civilisations can act as a means of bringing the perspective of the ‘other’ into debates on the international and our epistemological and ontological understanding of the West
492011055	Bilingual Advantage in Executive Functioning: P-Curve Meta-Analysis	Recent reviews concerned with the Bilingual Advantage (BA) in Executive Functioning report evidence suggesting that research in this area often suffers from methodical flaws and biases favouring results that are both significant and in agreement with previous findings (Paap, Johnson & Sawi, 2015; de Bruin, Treccani & Della Sella, 2015). The present metaanalysis included 102 experiments investigating the BA: 62 reported significant results supporting it, 6 reported significant results showing a Bilingual Disadvantage and 34 showed no significant difference between language groups or mixed results. Thus, 39.22% of published articles are not in support of the BA. The 62 supporting articles were submitted to a p-curve analysis to assess the potential effect of p-hacking (Simonsohn, Nelson, & Simmons, 2014a, 2014b). Results show that the majority of studies find highly significant results (65% p≤ 0.025), suggesting that evidential value is present, but an increase in number of publications from p= 0.03 to p= 0.05 suggests that p-hacking may have occurred to some extent. Comparison to the underpowered p-curve suggests that the submitted studies suffered from low statistical power, with an average estimated power of 48%(90%-CI: 32%-63%). Underpowered studies tend to overestimate their effect size (Ioannidis, 2008) and considering the small average effect size (d= 0.3) reported in a previous meta-analysis (de Bruin, Treccani & Della Sella, 2015) the magnitude of the BA has to be questioned. This is in agreement with previously reported methodological issues (Paap et al. 2015), but the p-curve suggests that p-hacking, while present to a 
565284335	The influence of tax authorities on the employment of tax practitioners: Empirical evidence from a survey and interview study	Tax practitioners play a crucial role in the degree of taxpayers’ compliance – a role that has increased as tax systems worldwide have become more complex. However, little is known about tax authorities’ impact on taxpayers’ decisions to employ tax practitioners. Based on earlier research on motivations to employ a tax practitioner and the extended slippery slope framework of tax compliance, we conducted two studies which provide some answers. A survey study – comprising a representative sample of 500 Austrian self-employed taxpayers– revealed that financial gain is not the most important reason to employ a tax practitioner but instead the motivation to avoid problems with the tax authorities. Related to that, we also find that taxpayers’ perception of tax authorities wielding coercive power motivates them to employ tax practitioners. In the interview study with 33 self-employed taxpayers and 30 tax auditors, taxpayers indicated that they sought to avoid contact with tax officers by employing tax practitioners. This finding was supported by tax officers who reported preferring interaction with tax practitioners over direct contact with taxpayers. The two studies point to the complex relationship between taxpayers, tax authorities and tax practitioners, and allow the drawing of theoretical and practical implications
478833128	Natural language statistical features of LSTM-generated texts	Long short-term memory (LSTM) networks have recently shown remarkable performance in several tasks that are dealing with natural language generation, such as image captioning or poetry composition. Yet, only few works have analyzed text generated by LSTMs in order to quantitatively evaluate to which extent such artificial texts resemble those generated by humans. We compared the statistical structure of LSTM-generated language to that of written natural language, and to those produced by Markov models of various orders. In particular, we characterized the statistical structure of language by assessing word-frequency statistics, long-range correlations, and entropy measures. Our main finding is that while both LSTM- and Markov-generated texts can exhibit features similar to real ones in their word-frequency statistics and entropy measures, LSTM-texts are shown to reproduce long-range correlations at scales comparable to those found in natural language. Moreover, for LSTM networks, a temperature-like parameter controlling the generation process shows an optimal value-for which the produced texts are closest to real language-consistent across different statistical features investigated
543078030	Disturbance indicator values for European plants	Motivation: Indicator values are numerical values used to characterize the ecological niches of species and to estimate their occurrence along gradients. Indicator values on climatic and edaphic niches of plant species have received considerable attention in ecological research, whereas data on the optimal positioning of species along disturbance gradients are less developed. Here, we present a new data set of disturbance indicator values identifying optima along gradients of natural and anthropogenic disturbance for 6382 vascular plant species based on the analysis of 736,366 European vegetation plots and using expert-based characterization of disturbance regimes in 236 habitat types. The indicator values presented here are crucial for integrating disturbance niche optima into large-scale vegetation analyses and macroecological studies.Main types of variables contained: We set up five main continuous indicator values for European vascular plants: disturbance severity, disturbance frequency, mowing frequency, grazing pressure and soil disturbance. The first two indicators are provided separately for the whole community and for the herb layer. We calculated the values as the average of expert-based estimates of disturbance values in all habitat types where a species occurs, weighted by the number of plots in which the species occurs within a given habitat type.Spatial location and grain:Europe. Vegetation plots ranging in size from 1 to 1000 m2.Time period and grain: Vegetation plots mostly sampled between 1956 and 2013 (= 5th and 95th quantiles of the sampling year, respectively).Major taxa and level of measurement:Species-level indicator values for vascular plants.Software format:csv file
543078028	Migrants as “dissonant harmony-seekers” and migrant life in “foam”	PurposeMigration of the Turkish new middle-class – high-skilled, well-educated, young professionals – has been growing in recent years. This paper explores their migration experience and discusses the role of physical and virtual bubbles in the formation of transnational communities and processes of adjustment to a new place.Design/methodology/approachThis paper is based on a qualitative inquiry collecting data via semi-structured interviews with 18 London-based Turkish migrants and a digital ethnographic study of three Facebook groups that bring together the Turkish migrant community in Richmond, London.FindingsFindings indicate that the migration of the new middle class differs conceptually from existing typologies. The paper proposes the concept of “dissonant harmony-seekers” and elaborates on their interactions to demonstrate that, in the Internet age, the traditional image of migrants living in isolated localised bubbles is no longer accurate. Findings also indicate a pragmatic and functional engagement with the bubbles, with migrants sporadically interacting with the bubbles to meet their individual needs in information, education and employment. Originality/valueThis paper contributes to the literature with the concept of dissonant harmony-seekers, which will gain more visibility in a world where the trend of democratic decline and rising authoritarianism will motivate a migratory move for people who confront a moral dissociation from the civil order in their homeland. The engagement of dissonant harmony-seekers with migrant communities challenges the conventional thinking that social identity is central to creating and maintaining bubbles. The other contribution of the paper to the literature is the metaphor of “foam” to capture the ephemeral and fugacious nature of the dynamics of migrant communities and practices
591441819	Objects and bodies in Michael Landy's Shelf Life	In his installation artwork Semi-detached (2004), the British artist Michael Landy staged a spectacular encounter between the architectural culture of his working-class background and that of the art establishment, exhibiting a full-sized reconstruction of the pebbledashed house in which he grew up in the Duveen Galleries at Tate Britain, London. This chapter brings three artworks associated with Semi-detached—two drawings in colour pencil, Ulceration on the Lateral Margin of Left Foot and Peripheral Vascular Disease II (2004), and a photographic collage, Study for Shelf Life (2004)—into conversation with Mohan’s concept of efficacious intimacy. These artworks respond to the belongings, body, and home of the artist’s father John Landy, who acquired lifelong disabilities following an industrial accident. Study for Shelf Life depicts the bricolage of stuff assembled on and around a shelf in John Landy’s bedroom. This image prompts an enquiry into bodily-and-material meaning-making practices that work between pragmatic and symbolic, storage and efficacy, asserting the beauty and significance of the keeping and arranging of material belongings. In parallel, Landy’s act of drawing his father’s painful foot emerges as an efficacious practice of being with, and attempting to comprehend, the pain of another.Content note: This chapter discusses pain, disease, and medical treatment, including an image, some detailed descriptions, and brief mentions of violence, torture, and industrial accidents
565843302	Understanding Factors Associated with Burnout Symptoms amongst Investigators working on Rape and Serious Sexual Offence (RASSO) investigations in England and Wales	Prolonged stress leading to job-related burnout is of increasing interest in policing. Police officers involved in rape and serious sexual offences (RASSO) investigations experience heightened scrutiny alongside increased forensic demands whilst providing an accountable, victim-orientated service. The objective of the study was to examine correlates associated with burnout symptoms [emotional exhaustion (EE), depersonalization and lack of personal accomplishment (PA)]. RASSO investigators (n = 538) completed a cross-sectional online survey across five police force areas in England and Wales. Measures were screened using the Least Absolute Shrinkage and Selection Operator method, and three regression models were run against the three outcome measures. Excessive job demands encompassing workload, work–life balance and team pressures from colleagues and managers were strongly related to EE and DP. Male officers reported elevated levels of depersonalization. The learning climate was associated with all three burnout measures. The findings suggest that creating an effective learning environment for RASSO investigations and establishing effective organizational health policies to enhance team cohesion can reduce burnout. Further work is required to understand male officers’ higher levels of depersonalization
478833172	Earnings Management and Financial Reporting Fraud: Can External Auditors Spot the Difference?	The aim of this paper is to increase external auditors’ knowledge about earnings management and help them spot the difference between earnings management and financial reporting fraud. A thorough literature review was undertaken to achieve the paper’s aim. The secondary data used in this paper was obtained from different databases like Ebscohost, Business Search Premier, Academic Search Premier, Emerlad, Sciencedirect, and Jstor. The current paper suggests a new approach and way of thinking for external auditors that might help them in spotting the difference between earnings management and fraud. This new approach calls for the importance of considering management’s motives which is the main driver for all fraudulent activities. A set of recommendations for external auditors, researchers, and standards’ setters are provided in this paper. External auditors have to view external auditing in terms of the audit of motivations. Standards’ setters should provide external auditors with more guidelines regarding the audit of management’s motives. More research is still needed in management’s motives and integrity
478833223	Edges: Written and Visual Reflections on Marginal Space and its Exploration	None
590242830	Curriculum design	Framed by notions of language and what language education aims to achieve, this chapter explores issues around curriculum design for language learning. It asks what language learners may want to communicate and to whom, and how we can establish a framework which will support the development of understanding and competencies that are relevant in a global society. The chapter looks at current practice in UK Higher Education and discusses how language curricula are influenced by trends and policies, and further shaped by documents such as the revised Common European Framework, which is now taking account of mediation skills and plurilingual practices. In a case study, it critically explores the introduction and continued development of a new curriculum framework at the UK’s largest university, The Open University, between 2014 and 2023. Key issues include static versus more process-oriented approaches to curriculum design, the integration of a wide range of skills into language curricula, ongoing discussions around ‘content’ and ‘language’ teaching in Higher Education, and the inclusion of learners’ plurilingual repertoires. The strive to ‘decolonise the curriculum’ is highly pertinent for languages provisions and it seems essential to reflect on what languages are being offered and for what purpose, in what ways the field could and should be made more interdisciplinary and how diversity can be built into the curriculum itself
590242828	Equity, diversity, and inclusion in open education: A systematic literature review	Equity, diversity, and inclusion (EDI) and open education are key areas in the current development of educational systems internationally. However, little is known about the general perspective of what has been addressed about EDI in open educational contexts to date. To address this gap, this paper presents a systematic literature review of 15 papers where we examined the current state of the art and the main suggestions for EDI implementation. Results indicate that practitioners should involve all stakeholders, including institutions, faculty members, and students, in EDI development to enhance open educational practices as well as in the cocreation of open educational resources which need to consider culture, language, and location, among others. This review of literature contributes an evidence base to support the future development and adoption of EDI in open educational contexts by organizing relevant literature into coherent themes that can inform future research
493194119	Ethical tension in working with stakeholders	This chapter presents a debate about the ethical tension and conflict that can arise from working with multiple and diverse stakeholders in the context of social marketing. The practice of social marketing has always involved some degree of collaboration between social marketers and a range of different stakeholders. Stakeholder interactions include building relationships with funding agencies to gather the resources needed to support social marketing programmes, working with advertising and other related agencies to develop marketing communications strategies and materials, and engaging with target audiences to understand their needs and implement citizen-centric behaviour change strategies. Responsibilities and objectives for all stakeholders need to be identified, and processes need to be established to enforce appropriate accountabilities by regulating agencies. The chapter reviews McHugh, Domegan, and Duane’s understanding of a social marketing system as “a multiplicity of people and stakeholder groups interacting to create patterns of behaviours, choices, and values over time in a dynamic macro–micro context”
479296206	HAR1: an insight into lncRNA genetic evolution	Long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) have a wide range of functions in health and disease, but many remain uncharacterized because of their complex expression patterns and structures. The genetic loci encoding lncRNAs can be subject to accelerated evolutionary changes within the human lineage. HAR1 is a region that has a significantly altered sequence compared to other primates and is a component of two overlapping lncRNA loci, HAR1A and HAR1B. Although the functions of these lncRNAs are unknown, they have been associated with neurological disorders and cancer. Here, we explore the current state of understanding of evolution in human lncRNA genes, using the HAR1 locus as the case study
493194013	Prefacio. Herramientas para construir una pedagogía inclusiva de la escritura	None
478919657	Complexity and Universality in the Long-Range Order of Words	None
478268179	Comparing short and long-distance dispersal: Modelling and field case studies	Dispersal is a factor of great importance in determining a species spatial distribution. Short distance dispersal (SDD) and long distance dispersal (LDD) strategies yield very different spatial distributions. In this paper we compare spatial spread patterns from SDD and LDD simulations, contrast them with patterns from field data, and assess the significance of biological and population traits.Simulated SDD spread using an exponential function generates a single circular patch with a well-defined invasion front showing a travelling-wave structure. The invasive spread is relatively slow as it is restricted to reproductive individuals occupying the outer zone of the circular patch. As a consequence of this dispersal dynamics, spread is slower than spread generated by LDD. In contrast, the early and fast invasion of the entire habitat mediated by power law LDD not only involves a significantly greater invasion velocity, but also an entirely different habitat occupation. As newly dispersed individuals soon reach very distant portions of the habitat as well as the vicinity of the original dispersal focus, new growing patches are generated while the main patch increases its own growth absorbing the closest patches. As a consequence of both dispersal and lower density dependence, growth of the occupied area is much faster than with SDD.SDD and LDD also differ regarding pattern generation. With SDD, fractal patterns appear only in the border of the invasion front in SDD when competitive interaction with residents is included. In contrast, LDD patterns show fractality both in the spatial arrangements of patches as well as in patch borders. Moreover, values of border fractal dimension inform on the dispersal process in relation with habitat heterogeneity. The distribution of patch size is also scale-free, showing two power laws characteristic of small and large patch sizes directly arising from the dispersal and reproductive dynamics.Ecological factors like habitat heterogeneity are relevant for dispersal, although its importance is greater for SDD, lowering the invasion velocity. Among the life history traits considered, adult mortality, the juvenile bank and mean dispersal distance are the most relevant for SDD. For LDD, habitat heterogeneity and changes in life history traits are not so relevant, causing minor changes in the values of the scale-free parameters.Our work on short and long distance dispersal shows novel theoretical differences between SDD and LDD in invasive systems (mechanisms of pattern formation, fractal and scaling properties, relevance of different life history traits and habitat variables) that correspond closely with field examples and were not analyzed, at least in this degree of detail, by the previously existing models
477971427	Luck in Food Finding Affects Individual Performance and Population Trajectories	Energy harvesting by animals is important because it provides the power needed for all metabolic processes. Beyond this, efficient food finding enhances individual fitness [1] and population viability [2], although rates of energy accumulation are affected by the environment and food distribution. Typically, differences between individuals in the rate of food acquisition are attributed to varying competencies [3], even though food-encounter rates are known to be probabilistic [4]. We used animal-attached technology to quantify food intake in four disparate free-living vertebrates (condors, cheetahs, penguins, and sheep) and found that inter-individual variability depended critically on the probability of food encounter. We modeled this to reveal that animals taking rarer food, such as apex predators and scavengers, are particularly susceptible to breeding failure because this variability results in larger proportions of the population failing to accrue the necessary resources for their young before they starve and because even small changes in food abundance can affect this variability disproportionately. A test of our model on wild animals indicated why Magellanic penguins have a stable population while the congeneric African penguin population has declined for decades. We suggest that such models predicting probabilistic ruin can help predict the fortunes of species operating under globally changing conditions
590957740	Biographies and Careers throughout Academic Life	The book draws on the 2007 Changing Academic Profession international survey in order to document the personal characteristics, career trajectories, sense of identity/commitment and job satisfaction of academics in 14 countries with different levels of economic and social development and different higher education systems. With nearly 26,000 academics surveyed in 19 countries (of which 14 are reporting their results in this volume), the empirical basis of the book is the most up-to-date and far-reaching in the area.With major changes taking place both in the local and global contexts of higher education and in the working conditions within individual universities, as exemplified by increasing managerialism and performance-based funding, it is important to consider the impact of these changes on the profiles and working lives of the academic profession across different countries. But it is also important to look at the ways in which the faculty’s changing profile impacts on the organisation and management of universities and on the delivery of their central functions.Although not always obvious in the short-term, academic work and its conditions attract, incorporate and promote different types of individuals who, in turn, exert considerable influence on the nature of academic work, higher education institutions and, potentially, society. As faculty members are central to the teaching, research and service enterprise activities of higher education, it is important to understand their personal characteristics, career trajectories, sense of identity and commitment, and job satisfaction. These are central for understanding the academic profession in general and, in particular, the factors affecting their involvement and productivity in the work of their institutions. These are a complex result of a mixture of contextual factors (e.g. the status and regulatory framework of the higher education system, the features and atmosphere of the particular institution) and personal factors (e.g. gender, educational attainment, family background, attitudes to work and broader social values).This book examines the different situations facing the academic profession in individual countries and provides comparative studies of country differences
492385202	Defining the burden of febrile illness in rural South and Southeast Asia: an open letter to announce the launch of the Rural Febrile Illness project.	In rural areas of South and Southeast Asia malaria is declining but febrile illnesses still account for substantial morbidity and mortality. Village health workers (VHWs) are often the first point of contact with the formal health system, and for patients with febrile illnesses they can provide early diagnosis and treatment of malaria. However, for the majority of febrile patients, VHWs lack the training, support and resources to provide further care. Consequently, treatable bacterial illnesses are missed, antibiotics are overused and poorly targeted, and patient attendance wanes along with declining malaria. This Open Letter announces the start of a new initiative, the Rural Febrile Illness (RFI) project, the first in a series of projects to be implemented as part of the South and Southeast Asian Community-based Trials Network (SEACTN) research programme. This multi-country, multi-site project will run in Bangladesh, Cambodia, Lao PDR, Thailand, and Myanmar. It will define the epidemiological baseline of febrile illness in nine remote and underserved areas of Asia where malaria endemicity is declining and access to health services is limited. The RFI project aims to determine the incidence, causes and outcomes of febrile illness; understand the opportunities, barriers and appetite for adjustment of the role of VHWs to include management of non-malarial febrile illnesses; and establish a network of community healthcare providers and facilities capable of implementing interventions designed to triage, diagnose and treat patients presenting with febrile illnesses within these communities in the future
493194145	Perspectives on a researcher-practitioner partnership: Our role as practitioner researchers studying youth learning through participation in NHM-led citizen science	The Learning and Environmental Science Agency Research Network for Citizen Science (LEARN CitSci) brings together practitioners and researchers from The University of California, Davis; California Academy of Sciences; Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County; The Natural History Museum, London; The Open University; and The University of Oxford. Through close collaboration between education researchers and natural history museums (NHMs), we aim to answer key questions about youth participation and learning in citizen science. The Project Coordination Officers (PCOs) play a key role, with one PCO based at each of the three NHMs.  Each PCO works as a “practitioner researcher”, collecting field-based educational research data and facilitating collaboration between the museums and the university researchers. Here we provide an overview of the LEARN CitSci study design and analytical framework, highlighting the unique perspective of the PCOs.The LEARN CitSci team is studying the learning outcomes of youth participating  in three citizen science settings: 1) long-term monitoring projects, 2) short-term BioBlitz events, and 3) online projects. Our project asks: What types of participation activities do young people engage in; How do they learn through their participation in citizen science? And, How can programme settings in NHM-led citizen science be designed to foster environmental science learning outcomes? Using the Environmental Science Agency (ESA) framework [1] adapted from Basu and Calabrese Barton’s [2] concept of Critical Science Agency, we are investigating young people’s “ability to use experiences in environmental science to make positive changes in one’s life, landscape and community.” The development of ESA can be observed as: 	- Deepening understanding of environmental science content and practice. 	- Identifying an area of one’s own expertise in environmental science. 	- Using experiences in community and citizen science as a foundation for change.We use qualitative research methods, including youth observations, ethnographic field notes, interviews, and surveys, to characterize the settings and participation activities in each programme. We aim to capture learning processes and to identify how program features in NHM-led citizen science projects foster or hinder the development of ESA.The voices and experiences of youth participants in citizen science programs are central to this research. The NHMs are collaborating with Community-Based Organizations which support underrepresented groups of youth, in an effort to address equity and social justice in community and citizen science. This poster discussed the challenges and triumphs of the PCO role, such as :Observing youth impartially while embedded in programmingWorking with our theoretical framework as novice researchersDeveloping a shared understanding of constructs like learning and agency across diverse contextsDeveloping new program design features based on research findings Cultivating communication and mutually beneficial collaborations with Community-Based Organization
478833231	Tropical Melancholy: the Ephemeral in Thai Contemporary Visual Imagination	None
493193980	The role of rapid prototyping in the generative design of mechanisms	Generative design supported by rapid prototyping presents a synthetic approach to facilitate the systematic discovery of design configurations. Graph and Shape Grammars have been used to generate engineering structures, and this paper extends this generation to kinematic mechanisms. Over-constrained spatial linkages are used to illustrate the benefits of RP in the generative design of mechanisms, for both understanding their complex motions and determining the shape of connecting links to avoid collisions. In generative design, rules generate new design configurations. Here, these rules determine both the geometric configurations of motion axes and the shapes of connecting elements, and constituent variable spatial relations in transformative shape rules give designs their kinematic functions. Over a sequence of several rule applications, it can be difficult to predict what new functional properties will emerge, but Rapid Prototyping can enable tangible evaluation at intermediate stages, indicating process changes required to realign the design with its required function
478919674	A Reliable Real Time Slow Dos Detection Framework for Resource Constrained Iot Networks	Museum websites have been designed to provide access for different types of users, such as museum staff, teachers and the general public. Therefore, understanding user needs and demographics is paramount to the provision of user-centred features, services and design. Various approaches exist for studying and grouping users, with a more recent emphasis on data-driven and automated methods. In this paper, we investigate user groups of a large national museum’s website using multivariate analysis and machine learning methods to cluster and categorise users based on an existing user survey. In particular, we apply the methods to the dominant group - general public - and show that subgroups exist, although they share similarities with clusters for all users. We find that clusters provide better results for categorising users than the self-assigned groups from the survey, potentially helping museums develop new and improved services
478268209	Death, dying, and end-of-life care	Death is often considered to be a universal life event. However, how death comes about, and is experienced, is neither certain nor equal. Attending to dying – the process and events that lead to death – as well as death can provide an understanding of this variability and how people make sense of it. In this chapter, the concept of “good death” is used to critically examine end-of-life care, assisting both life-extensions and dying, and changing mortality trends. The purpose of this chapter is to illustrate some of the diversity surrounding death and dying in different contexts, and explore some of the trends that affect how deaths come to be evaluated as “good”. By discussing these contemporary, global issues, this chapter reveals how thinking about these issues critically illuminates that the social context of death is not as universal or equalising as it is sometimes presumed to be
590957756	Against the odds? The relative importance of the factors involved in the fluctuating fortunes of the Welsh colony in the Lower Chubut Valley of Patagonia, between 1865 and 1895	None
590957737	The dynamics of interpersonal trust: implications for care at times of psychological crisis	'Trust' can describe many different positive features of our social relationships with others. In this exploratory paper, we reflect on some of the ways in which people orient themselves towards others in the context of a psychological crisis, a time when trust may be threatened or eroded. We draw upon qualitative data extracts from two previously reported studies, in order to illustrate and develop some observations about the dynamics of relational trust during such periods of acute distress. We show how these dynamics arise out of particular contexts and have particular consequences for psychological health. We discuss how, in a relationship mediated by trust, it can sometimes be an act of care - towards self, or towards others - to filter and limit the extent of what one entrusts to another. We suggest that further consideration by philosophers can be very helpful to the mental health field here, if we are to understand the negotiation of interpersonal trust in the context of mental health crises. We note that it would be extremely helpful to understand more about how to create the kinds of environments which afford trust
477971335	Geography	Though the term geographia is not used until Eratosthenes (third century B.C.E.), the idea is present in Herodotus’ immediate predecessors, Scylax of Caryanda and Hecataeus, the title of whose works indicate the “going around the world” (periodos gēs) so important to Herodotus’ own investigative process. Recent scholarship has challenged the idea of space as a static container for human activity and promoted its study as a cultural product as heterogeneous and subjective as time. By promising to take account of both great and small cities on the basis that “human fortune never stays in the same place” (1.5.4), Herodotus acknowledges the intertwining of geography and history and even uses a spatial metaphor to suggest the complexity of historical inquiry. Thus attention has turned to investigating how geography functions within the Histories: how it structures Herodotus’ narrative, what ideological frameworks underpin his spatial understanding, and how geographical thinking impacts his writing
477971421	Hamilton-Jacobi Theory and the Stochastic Elementary Formula	None
369424293	Aspirations and identities: Proxenia at Oropos during the fourth to second centuries BC	Inscribed grants of proxenia were more than just stone copies of a community's diplomatic and honorific transactions. The paper presented here, which focuses upon the widespread inscription of proxeny decrees at Oropos during the fourth to second centuries BC, argues that the documentation of such awards enabled clear public expression of the multifaceted aspirations and identities a community wished to enunciate; in the case of the Oropian dēmos, it articulated both polis identity and its place within the Boiotian confederacy of the Hellenistic period. The city-stateof Oropos is often perceived as a vulnerable territory with severely limited independence, but this paper, by assessing the features and epigraphical practices of those 275 extant Oropian grants of proxeny status, offers fresh insight into its community's social and political expressions, as well as their ambitions in the late Classical and Hellenistic periods
82980850	Categorising European experience: the ForAge Project and the construction of knowledge of later-life learning	The ‘Forage for Later-life Learning’ Project is an EU Lifelong Learning Programme Grundtvig multi-lateral network, funded 2012-2015. Its rationales are the development of a database of knowledge on later-life learning and the use of that database as a means of promoting discussion, understanding, recognition and change in later-life learning.This article discusses the objectives and rationale of the ForAge database and considers its intended target audiences. In particular, it argues that the database became eclectic, deliberately identifying and drawing on different “kinds” of knowledge. It shows how the main database categories, which determined how the knowledge was “constructed” were allowed to evolve and define themselves as the content of the database increased.The article discusses the justification and operational implications of the inclusion of material according to criteria of “relevance, quality and usefulness” and in both English and in other European languages.The article concludes that the database does not reveal the presence in Europe of a significant volume of fundamental research-based knowledge on later-life learning; that much of the knowledge collected is based on the presumption that later-life learning has second-order goals and that the database usefully hedges its bets on what counts as “knowledge” in the field of later-life learning
82980814	3D Virtual Field Trips as a Service (VFTaaS): Learning Design	Virtual Field Trips as a Service (VFTaaS) involves using game-based technology to enable the creation of a library of three-dimensional (3D) Virtual Field Trips (VFTs) (and other fieldwork experiences) covering multiple sites in the UK and abroad (and even off planet, such as a trip to Mars). In addition to providing access to the library, VFTaaS focuses on the pedagogical and commercial considerations to enable institutions to contribute new artefacts to the library, such as 3D locations (e.g. part of Snowdonia), or 3D simulations (e.g. model of a brain), or processes (e.g. high tides), or activities (e.g. ‘sample virtual transects to gather data on species of heather’), and contribute new learning experiences (e.g. customised lesson plans) to existing materials in the library.Towards the research objectives, we investigated the following:• pedagogical underpinnings of 3D virtual environments and 3D VFTs in disciplines such as geology, biology, environmental science/studies and geography which are founded on field observations, exploration and enquiry.• potential of integrating VFTs within the curricula in schools and in HEIs.• perceptions of educators, students and assessment bodies towards 3D VFTs, and virtual fieldwork, in general; we used the Virtual Skiddaw App in workshops and presentations to illustrate the concept of a 3D VFT.• views of stakeholders towards VFTaaS and elicited the advantages, challenges with adopting VFTaaS, and their requirements for VFTaaS.The empirical investigations have been user-centred – focussing on the stakeholders and particularly, the end-users such as educators, students and fieldwork specialists, and we have interacted with them via interviews, workshops, demonstrations and a survey to elicit their perceptions and requirements
82983936	Exploring Digital Literacy to Connect Less-Advantaged Pupils with Opportunity	None
82983939	"I see inquiry as a normal part of my professional practice": A critical examination of practitioners' experiences from one Midlands Teaching School Alliance	None
360346727	Exploring the role of humans and climate over the Balkan landscape: 500 years of vegetational history of Serbia	We present the first, well-dated, high-resolution record of vegetation and landscape change from Serbia, which spans the past 500 years. Biological proxies (pollen, spores, and charcoal), geochemical analysis through X-ray Fluorescence (XRF), and a detailed chronology based on AMS 14C dating from a western Serbian sinkhole core suggest complex woodland-grassland dynamics and strong erosional signals throughout the Little Ice Age (LIA). An open landscape with prominent steppe vegetation (e.g. Poaceae, Chenopodiaceae) and minor woodland exists during 1540–1720CE (early LIA), while the late LIA (1720-1850CE) in this record shows higher tree percentages possibly due to increased moisture availability. The post LIA Era (1850–2012CE) brings a disturbed type of vegetation with the presence of weedy genera and an increase in regional woodland. Anthropogenic indicators for agricultural, pastoral and fire practices in the region together attest to the dominant role of humans in shaping this Balkan landscape throughout the interval. The changing nature of human interference, potentially as a response to underlying climatic transitions, is evident through large-scale soil depletion resulting from grazing and land clearance during the early LIA and stabilization of arable lands during the late and post-LIA eras
360346725	An Examination of Long-Term Environmental-Social Dynamics in the Balkans	This study examines the interactions of environmental and social dynamics in Central Balkans over the past millennium, a period that experienced three major climatic phases (Medieval Climate Anomaly, Little Ice Age, and the warm 20th century). Meanwhile, the same period witnessed a complex human history with the emergence-rise-decline of the Ottoman Empire and subsequent socio-political events (e.g. wars, famines, migrations). Environmental datasets for the analysis include biological proxies (pollen, spores, and charcoal), geochemical signals through X-ray fluorescence (XRF), and a detailed chronology based on AMS 14C dating of two western and central Serbian lakes while social datasets include historic population data, land use, settlement patterns, and critical historic events derived from a review of the literature and local archives. Among the environmental datasets, indigenous tree and herbaceous pollen from these Central Balkans records demonstrate fluctuations in woodland-grassland dynamics whereas potassium and titanium counts obtained through XRF act as a proxy for surface erosion and clastic input into the lakes. Microscopic charcoal, cereal pollen and subordinate anthropogenic pollen (e.g. cultivated fruits and vegetables) are used to distinguish strong human impact over the landscape. These key anthropogenic indicators create a more thorough social component of the analysis in association with the social datasets. After reconstructing the individual time series for each environmental and social dataset, the two Central Balkan records are correlated in order to identify the environmental and social homogeneity and heterogeneity patterns occurring at shorter and longer timescales during the period. Results provide insights on how a region responds to social and environmental stressors and our approach demonstrates ways to integrate natural and social science system research
82983940	The self-improving school: how leadership supports teacher inquiry	None
82904462	The Beagle 2 stereo camera system	The stereo camera system (SCS) was designed to provide wide-angle multi-spectral stereo imaging of the Beagle 2 landing site. Based on the Spacc-X micro-cameras, the primary objective was to construct a digital elevation model of the area in reach of the lander's robot arm. The SCS technical specifications and scientific objectives are described; these included panoramic 3-colour imaging to characterise the landing site; multi-spectral imaging to study the mineralogy of rocks and soils beyond the reach of the arm and solar observations to measure water vapour absorption and the atmospheric dust optical density. Also envisaged were stellar observations to determine the lander location and orientation, multi-spectral observations of Phobos & Deimos and observations of the landing site to monitor temporal changes. (c) 2005 Published by Elsevier Ltd
82904465	Teorija zavere: Srbija protiv 'novog svetskog poretka' [Conspiracy theory: Serbia vs. the New World Order]	None
82904515	Prized numbers - reviving the popularity of Maths	None
82904560	The transition of a Scottish Young Persons’s Centre — a dialogical analysis	This chapter follows the progress of the Young Person’s Centre (YPC), a training & guidance centre for young unemployed people, in it’s transition from a programme-centred service to a person-centred service. Sixteen months of participatory action research was carried out, involving interviews, observation and consultancy.  Communication and social change are understood using a Bakhtinian dialogical analysis of the situated utterances of managers, staff and young people where YPC is presented as a multi-voiced organization. This involved the analysis of four levels of dialogue, the face-to-face dialogue of members, the internal dialogue of the dialogical self, the internal dialogism of words-in-use and finally the dialogue of the self, as social agent, with the public sphere.  In conclusion the term ‘person-centred’ is understood as ‘symbolic capital’ where trading in this new conceptual currency has resulted in successful outcomes, but equally it is a currency which some members have access to and others do not
369424263	Analyse statistique et spectrale de la température, salinité et turbidité du système MAREL", Instrumentation haute fréquence pour l’observation et la surveillance de l’environnement marin	Dans l’environnement marin, la température, la turbidité et la salinité sont des quantités importantes pour étudier l’écosystème. Beaucoup de champs montrent la haute variabilité pour une large gamme d'échelles spatiale et temporelle. Les séries temporelles sont souvent non-linéaires et non-stationnaires. Les auteurs considèrent ici les fluctuations du niveau de la mer, la salinité, la turbidité et la température enregistrés par le système MAREL Carnot de Boulogne-sur-Mer (France), qui est une bouée amarrée équipée d'appareils de mesure physicochimiques, qui fonctionnent dans des conditions continues et autonomes. Pour réaliser des analyses statistiques et spectrales adéquates, il est nécessaire de connaître la nature de la série temporelle considérée. Pour cette raison, la stationnarité de la série et l'occurrence de racine d'unité sont abordées avec les Tests Augmentés de Dickey- Fuller. À part pour le niveau de la mer, l'analyse harmonique n'est pas pertinente. Le grand nombre de données fournies par les capteurs permet l'évaluation de l’analyse spectrale de Fourier, pour considérer les fréquences dominantes associées à la dynamique. Différents spectres de puissance montrent une variabilité complexe et révèlent une influence de facteurs exogènes tels que les marées. Cependant, l'analyse spectrale classique, à savoir la méthode Blackman-Tukey, exige des données régulièrement espacées. L'interpolation de la série temporelle introduit de nombreux artefacts aux données. L'algorithme de Lomb-Scargle, adapté aux données inégalement espacées, est utilisé comme alternative. Les limites de la méthode sont aussi exposées. On a trouvé qu'au-delà de 50 % de mesures manquantes, peu de fréquences significatives sont détectées, plusieurs saisonnalités ne sont plus visibles, et même une gamme entière de haute fréquence disparaît progressivement
369424238	Doing the COVID-19 pivot: how to deliver effective library teaching online	The Open University (OU) is the UK's largest distance education university and OU librarians teach almost exclusively online. In May and June 2020, members of the award winning Lie Engagement team led two one hour events to share their practical experiences and top tips for teaching library skills online. Given the urgent need to move in-person teaching to online teaching we should have been surprised (although we were) that we had more than 1000 participants
82904443	Electron stimulated desorption of Cl– from adsorbed and condensed Cl2: Effects of environment and orientation	Electron stimulated desorption (ESD) of Cl– from condensed molecular chlorine in the energy range 0–15 eV is studied. Cl2 is deposited in either multilayer amounts directly on a cryogenically cooled gold crystal or in sub-monolayer quantities on rare gas films (Xe, Kr) or ammonia ice films. Cl– desorption from multilayer films shows an intense resonance peaking at 5.5 eV and a comparatively smaller feature at 3 eV in qualitative agreement with an earlier ESD experiment. The desorption signal is enhanced by about one order of magnitude when a 0.2 monolayer (ML) Cl2 is adsorbed on a multilayer rare gas film. In this case, the desorption signal shows two clearly separated resonances peaking at 2.5 and 5.5 eV closely resembling dissociative electron attachment (DEA) from gas phase Cl2. These resonances can be associated to the transitions Cl2(1+g) Cl2–(2g) and Cl2(1+g) Cl2–(2u), respectively, both final states representing core excited resonances. The shape of the resonance around 5.5 eV splits into different peaks when changing from grazing incidence of the electron beam to an impact angle of 45° with respect to the surface normal. On the basis of the pronounced angular dependence of the Cl– intensity reported from gas phase DEA this observation is compatible with a situation in which the molecules are oriented along the surface normal. Compared to the noble gas films, ESD from sub-monolayer Cl2 on top of a multilayer NH3 film is suppressed while the overall shape of the yield function is approximately preserved. None of the present experiments show a Cl– desorption signal below 2 eV while the charging behaviour of the film indicates that electron attachment is still operative in this energy domain. This suggests that the transient anion in its electronic ground state (Cl2–#(2+u)) is still formed by low energy electron attachment but is subjected to effective energy dissipation creating either stabilized ions (Cl2–(2+u)) or fragment ions (Cl–(2P)) with insufficient kinetic energy to leave the surface
82904509	Knowledge Translation Capability and Public-Sector Innovation Processes	Public sector organisations are increasingly becoming aware of the need to harness the innovative capacity of their employees. In the UK many public sector research institutes have put in place processes to increase the speed at which new technological innovations are exploited and commercialised. These types of initiatives have also been implemented into public sector service organisations. For these service organisations innovations occur not just from formal research projects but are also practice based, developed by staff in the course of their normal work. This paper suggests that practice-based innovations can be seen as relying heavily on Mode 2 knowledge production. Using the UK’s National Health Service as an example, the characteristics of practice-based innovations are characterised as tightly coupled to their development context and combining hard and soft technologies. A model of knowledge translation capability is presented that supports Mode 2 knowledge production and is then used to analyse a case study of a practice based NHS innovation. Implications for NHS innovation policy are suggested and further areas of research into public a sector innovation processes outlined
82904384	Methods for the microsampling and high-precision analysis of strontium and rubidium isotopes at single crystal scale for petrological and geochronological applications	Micromilling of single crystals to yield microgram-sized solid samples for subsequent isotopic analysis can yield important petrogenetic information from crystals (especially feldspars) in magmatic rocks. Exceptional detail can be gained because the textural context of the sample area can be fully evaluated before milling. Such information is otherwise unknown or lost when performing analysis at the bulk rock scale. Here we present a comprehensive methodology for the precise analysis of ng-levels of Rb and Sr purified from microgram-sized solid samples extracted from minerals in thin sections. Physical sampling techniques are based around a computer numerical control (CNC) milling machine (Micromill™), newly designed specifically for the sampling of complex accretionary and growth structures in crystalline materials. Chemical procedures for the isolation of Sr and Rb for TIMS and MC-ICPMS analysis, respectively, are presented, and the performance of these analytical techniques is assessed in the context of the small sample sizes produced by micromilling. Despite being time consuming, mechanical sampling, conventional dissolution and chemical separation followed by analysis by TIMS remain the best methods for both highly accurate and precise determinations of Sr isotopic compositions in most geological materials over a wide range of Sr concentrations, Rb/Sr ratios and matrix types. Using these techniques, it is possible to achieve long-term 2 S.D. external precisions of 50 ppm for load sizes as small as 3 ng Sr. We demonstrate the validity of these techniques using two examples. The first is from a < 50 ka single feldspar crystal from Parinacota volcano (Chile) to show that 87Sr/86Sr isotope ranges as small as 0.00006 (2 × 2 S.D. external) can be resolved under conditions where radiogenic-Sr ingrowth can be neglected. The second is from the 28.4 Ma Fish Canyon Tuff (Colorado) to demonstrate the utility of isotope dilution measurements of Rb and Sr contents to calculate 87Rb/86Sr and thus perform age corrections to the 87Sr/86Sr ratios in order to establish 87Sr/86Sri variations between single crystals or zones. We demonstrate that biotite crystals in the Fish Canyon Tuff show Sr-isotopic variations well beyond analytical errors and hence that the crystals involved were not in isotopic equilibrium and cannot be used to establish an isochron age. On the other hand, the precision of our isotope dilution measurements may be used to obtain Rb–Sr geochronological information at the single crystal scale, provided that homogeneity in 87Sr/86Sr at the time of crystallisation can be demonstrated
369424290	All at Sea: Bad Girls, Hut Myths and Tracey Emin's 'Property by the Sea'	None
82972046	Screening for disability: a eugenic pursuit?	This article is written in response to the idea that selective termination may be eugenic. It points out that a mixture of motives and goals may inform screening programmes and selective termination for fetal abnormality without the intention being “eugenic”. The paper locates modern genetics within the tradition of humanist medicine by suggesting that parents who choose to terminate a pregnancy because of fetal abnormalities are not making moral judgments about those who are living with these abnormalities already. Rather they are making judgments about their own lives and the lives of their children in relation to this genetic disorder. It concludes by introducing several caveats about the counselling that parents receive after the results of the testing and suggests that counselling inevitably contains a directive element because of the nature of the information covered
82971992	The secondary mineral forming fluid in the nakhlites	None
554438584	Horrific ‘in-betweenness’: spatial and temporal displacement and british society in 1970s children’s supernatural television’	The 1970s in Britain were a period marked by economic and industrial strife and a cultural emphasis on nostalgia. It was also a televisual “golden age” that was echoed in a rich seam of horror and supernatural television that was also reflected in an equally vibrant period for supernatural programming for children. These included the series The Changes, Sky, King of the Castle, The Georgian House, Shadows and Come Back Lucy, which consistently explored the fracturing and dislocation of time and space. Alongside these, children were constantly warned of the dangers of playing in the spaces of industry and agriculture by exposure to a series of Public Information Films broadcast on television that both traded on the representational paradigms of the horror film and which consequently imbricated the spaces of work and industry as potentially deadly. As this article will exemplify, a wider societal context of childhood fear was evoked on television that spoke to the attendant fear and uncertainty of the interstitial spaces between childhood and adolescence, adolescence and adulthood. This “horrific in-betweenness” explored so consistently on British screens speaks equally to the socio-cultural contexts of 1970s Britain, long established British childhood literary tropes as well as deeper anxieties surrounding the intractability of discrete parameters of childhood
82904821	Editorial	This article provides an overview for a special issue of the Curriculum Journal on science learning and citizenship
459156487	‘[She] stated [they] would ‘kick off’: Using quotations to make service users visible in social workers’ writing	Within the profession of social work, the production and use of written texts is a high-stakes activity, playing a central role in all decisions around providing services for people, and at the same time used to evaluate social workers’ professional competence. One means of grounding casenotes and assessment reports in the lived experience of social services’ clients is to include quotations from service users’ or family members’ accounts or explanations of events. In this paper, brief data extracts which include quoted service users are extracted from casenotes in the 1 million word WiSP dataset (Lillis et.al., 2018) and explored. Discussion focuses on how judicious quoting of service user’s language serves to indicate the speaker’s strength of feeling while retaining distance between the writer and the quoted words, and how this can provide evidence for the social worker’s analysis. While casenotes are not produced collaboratively with the service user, including quotations is an important means through which the service user’s voice can be made visible. Leedham, M., Lillis, T. & Twiner, A. (2020). Exploring the core ‘preoccupation’ of social work writing: A corpus-assisted discourse study. Journal of Corpora and Discourse Studies 3 pp.1:26.  http://doi.org/10.18573/jcads.26 Lillis, T., Leedham, M., & Twiner, A. (2019). Writing in social work professional practice (2014-2018). Retrieved from: http://reshare.ukdataservice.ac.uk/853522/Data and discussion from this conference item will form part of a paper currently in progress by Leedham, M., Lillis, T., & Twiner, A
82904358	Work-life balance	Prompted to some degree by policies and concerns promoted by the European Union, and the Council of Europe, the set of issues now widely termed ‘work-life balance’ is much discussed in academic and policy circles in the United Kingdom and in Germany. It is also moving up the agenda of British and German employers and trade unions. The range of issues embraced by the term work-life balance crosses disciplines and traditional boundaries. It covers aspects of gender, gendered time, work and family relationships, and the implications of these for issues such as staff retention and motivation, excessive working hours, part-time working, time off for special purposes, and combining family and work- all in relation to limited amount of working and personal time we have at our disposal
82971983	Traffickers: Drug Markets and Law Enforcement	Traffickers presents new findings into the most mythologised and least understood area of crime and law enforcement. The chamelion reality of the world of drug trafficking is described in the words of traffickers and detectives. Drug enforcement combines the banal and spectacular in surveillance, covert operations and criminal intelligence. The war on drugs is a harbinger of wider changes in the organisation of policing and international cooperation. Traffickers explores the struggle that transforms policing and punishment as it stimulates the imagination
82904406	Reducing Build Time through Precompilations for Evolving Large Software	Large-scale legacy programs take long time to compile, thereby hampering productivity. This paper presents algorithms that reduce compilation time by analyzing syntactic dependencies in fine-grain program units, and by removing redundancies as well as false dependencies. These algorithms are combined with parallel compilation techniques (compiler farms, compiler caches), to further reduce build time. We demonstrate through experiments their effectiveness in achieving significant speedup for both fresh and incremental builds
82904345	Surface movements of emplaced lava flows measured by synthetic aperture radar interferometry	Lava flows continue to move after they have been emplaced by flow mechanisms. This movement is largely vertical and can be detected using differential synthetic aperture radar (SAR) interferometry. There are three main components to this motion: (1) movement of surface scatterers, resulting in radar phase decorrelation, (2) measurable subsidence of the flow surface due to thermal contraction and clast repacking, and (3) time-dependent depression of the flow substrate. These effects act in proportion to the thickness of the lava flow and decay with time, although there is a time lag before the third component becomes significant. We explore these effects using SAR data from the ERS satellites over the Etna volcano, Sicily. Phase decorrelation on young, thick a’a lava flows persists for a few years and probably results from surface block rotations during flow contraction. Maximum measured subsidence rates of the 1991–1993 lava flow over a period of 70 days are about 0.7 mm day−1, but are potentially greater in areas of data decorrelation. These rates fall to <2.7×10−2 mm day−1 after about 20 years in flows about 50 m thick, sooner for thinner flows. Comparison with measured subsidence rates on Kilauean lava lakes suggests that thermal contraction only accounts for about one third of the observed subsidence. The remaining motion is thought to come from surface clast repacking during cooling and from creep mechanisms in the flow substrate. Measurements of postemplacement surface movement provide new constraints on the thermomechanical properties of lava flows and have cautionary implications for the interpretation of interferometric SAR data of volcanoes. © 2001 American Geophysical Union
82904452	Enterprise development incentives and state-business relations in Ethiopia	None
82906422	English as the language of the European academic community: Questions from the Freie Universität Berlin	None
82904381	The anatomy of Continental Flood Basalt Provinces: geological constraints on the processes and products of flood volcanism	The internal architecture of the immense volumes of eruptive products in Continental Flood Basalt Provinces (CFBPs) provides vital clues, through the constraint of a chrono-stratigraphic framework, to the origins of major intraplate melting events. This work presents close examination of the internal facies architecture and structure, duration of volcanism, epeirogenetic uplift associated with CFBPs, and the potential environmental impacts of three intensely studied CFBPs (the Parana-Etendeka, Deccan Traps and North Atlantic Igneous Province). Such a combination of key volcanological, stratigraphic and chronologic observations can reveal how a CFBP is constructed spatially and temporally to provide crucial geological constraints regarding their development.Using this approach, a typical model can be generated, on the basis of the three selected CFBPs, that describes three main phases of flood basalt volcanism. These phases are recognized in Phanerozoic CFBPs globally. At the inception of CFBP volcanism, relatively low-volume transitional-alkaline eruptions are forcibly erupted into exposed cratonic basement lithologies, sediments, and in some cases, water. Distribution of initial volcanism is strongly controlled by the arrangement of pre-existing topography, the presence of water bodies and local sedimentary systems, but is primarily controlled by existing lithospheric and crustal weaknesses and concurrent regional stress patterns. The main phase of volcanism is typically characterised by a culmination of repeated episodes of large volume tholeiitic flows that predominantly generate large tabular flows and flow fields from a number of spatially restricted eruption sites and fissures. These tabular flows build a thick lava flow stratigraphy in a relatively short period of time (c. 1–5 Ma). With the overall duration of flood volcanism lasting 5–10 Ma (the main phase accounting for less than half the overall eruptive time in each specific case). This main phase or ‘acme’ of volcanism accounts for much of the CFBP eruptive volume, indicating that eruption rates are extremely variable over the whole duration of the CFBP. During the waning phase of flood volcanism, the volume of eruptions rapidly decrease and more widely distributed localised centres of eruption begin to develop. These late-stage eruptions are commonly associated with increasing silica content and highly explosive eruptive products. Posteruptive modification is characterised by continued episodes of regional uplift, associated erosion, and often the persistence of a lower-volume mantle melting anomaly in the offshore parts of those CFBPs at volcanic rifted margins
82908836	Recording and transcribing talk in educational settings	About the book: English Language Teaching in its Social Context offers sociolinguistic, ethnographic, and social-psychological perspectives on TESOL teaching and learning and introduces the relevant literature on second language acquisition. Together with its companion volumes, it presents English language teaching in a variety of specific institutional, geographic and cultural contexts.The articles - a range of seminal and specially commissioned pieces - have been carefully chosen to present four major principles of English language teaching:* they focus on the roles played by teachers and learners* recognise the individuality of language learners* support teachers in the provision of active guidance for students' learning* examine both positive and negative patterns of interaction between learners and teachers.This Reader offers people unfamiliar with research in this field an overall impression of English language teaching issues while allowing the more experienced reader the opportunity to relate his or her own experiences to the theories presented
82904775	The reflexive engineer: perceptions of integrated development	The professional ideology of engineers is said to be rooted in feelings of self-importance and a belief in an ability to lead based on qualities of technical expertise and rational decision making not held by the public at large.  This paper outlines the views of another group of engineers, labelled ‘reflexive engineers’, having a much more integrated view of socio-technical systems.  Interviews were conducted with engineers working in the Global South in fields such as community water supply and sanitation.  The paper aims to uncover how they make sense of the social and how they perceive factors shaping development practice
82908832	Children's Cultural Worlds	Children's Cultural Worlds looks at the distinctiveness of children's cultural worlds by exploring the everyday activities of young children through to teenagers. Topics include friendships and the significance of play, how children use language to construct relationships and identities, the role of print literature, other media and information technology in children's lives, and their growing power as consumers. Features of each volume include: * An interactive text * Carefully-selected case studies and readings * Attractive layout and colour design throughout * A high level of illustration * Clear and 'student-friendly' styl
491028285	Epistemic public criminology: The fallacies of evidence-based policing	There is now widespread agreement amongst theorists and commentators that there has been a sea-change in the culture of crime control since the 1970s. New paradigms and sensibilities about the institutions of criminal justice have arisen, not least amongst those scholars who concern themselves with questions to do with the institution of statutory policing. The interplay between scientific epistemology and political intelligence continues to provide a backdrop to the contemporary public engagements of criminology. The theory of evidence-based policing assumes that there is a correct, objective analysis of risk that is superior to the knowledge police might otherwise use to resolve their information dilemmas. Community-based policing ‘capitalizes on the resources of communities to identify and control crime’ and rests upon the idea that citizens can be enlisted to help ‘co-produce’ community safety. The fallacies of evidence-based policing arise through errors resulting from the kind of reasoning that wants to find the evidence to confirm the conclusions it has already reached
369424375	Ideas in music	It is often taken for granted that music, whatever else it is able to do, cannot articulate ideas. This paper aims to refute that formalist claim and present an anti-formalist one showing why thinking formalism true is based on a fallacy and involves a misunderstanding of ordinary language. By ‘idea’ is meant a view, and reflection on that view, which in the limiting case may be a worldview, a Weltanschauung. That in this sense ideas are articulated in music is to say that they are, among other things, presented, conveyed and considered. This goes well beyond the usual anti-formalist claim that music may express emotions. The paper goes on to show how ideas may be articulated in music. This follows from properly understanding how it is that any idea may be articulated. Without music being able to include articulating ideas, the high artistic and cultural value we place upon music, as well as the way people actually talk about music, while being compatible with music having other features that we value, is inexplicable. In this sense the question is raised as to how it is possible to articulate ideas in music
82904337	Innocence and experience: a historical approach to childhood and sexuality	None
161882950	Subcultural and Post-subcultural Compatibility: The case of Cuban Underground Rap	The chapter highlights the importance of looking at the work of C. Wright Mills in order to form and develop our sociological imagination in the interpretation of subcultures (i.e. subcultural imagination). The chapter builds on Mills’s work in order to demonstrate the compatibility of subcultural and post-subcultural theory and uses the case study of Cuban underground rap to demonstrate the argumen
186327547	The atmosphere of the ward: Attunements and attachments of everyday life for patients on a medium-secure forensic psychiatric unit	The climate or atmosphere of a ward in secure psychiatric care is typically studied by examining the relationship between social and environmental factors. However the experiences of patients are irreducible to a set of discrete dimensions or factors. Drawing on recent work in affect theory and architectural studies, we argue for an approach to atmosphere that places it ‘in-between’ persons and space, as a ‘spatially extended quality of feeling’ of which patients are intimately aware. The article discusses empirical material drawn from a broader study of inpatient medium-secure forensic care in a large hospital in the South of England. We show how the process of becoming attuned to the fluctuations and shifts in the atmosphere of the ward is a critical aspect of everyday life for patients. Attunement cuts across existing notions of power and resistance in these settings. We also demonstrate how attachments to a range of objects, some created by patients, can either expand or punctualize attunement, enabling change in the overall atmosphere. We conclude by speculating on how we might rethink spaces of recovery on an ethospheric basis
491028270	Six Software Engineering Principles for Smarter Cyber-Physical Systems	Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS) integrate computational and physical components. With the digitisation of society and industry and the progressing integration of systems, CPS need to become 'smarter' in the sense that they can adapt and learn to handle new and unexpected conditions, and improve over time. Smarter CPS present a combination of challenges that existing engineering methods have difficulties addressing: intertwined digital, physical and social spaces, need for heterogeneous modelling formalisms, demand for context-tied cooperation to achieve system goals, widespread uncertainty and disruptions in changing contexts, inherent human constituents, and continuous encounter with new situations. While approaches have been put forward to deal with some of these challenges, a coherent perspective on engineering smarter CPS is lacking. In this paper, we present six engineering principles for addressing the challenges of smarter CPS. As smarter CPS are software-intensive systems, we approach them from a software engineering perspective with the angle of self-adaptation that offers an effective approach to deal with run-time change. The six principles create an integrated landscape for the engineering and operation of smarter CPS
528399559	Beginning, becoming and belonging: using liminal spaces to explore how part-time adult learners negotiate emergent identities when embarking on undergraduate online study	Using the concept of liminal spaces, this paper discusses findings from a study exploring the experiences of fifteen adults as they negotiate their identity as online learners during the first module on a part-time undergraduate degree programme. Online programmes enable adult learners with diverse backgrounds and responsibilities to choose when and how they study and therefore make decisions of how their aspirations are best met. The convenience and flexibility of these hybrid spaces enables them to take control of their learning. However, such benefits are reliant upon negotiating new ideas, technologies, constructs of learning and emergent identities which may sit at the counterpoint of existing roles, responsibilities and experiences. For some, this period of transition can consequently be characterised by disorientation and liminality. The findings presented here provide new insights into the experiences of adults who choose to study online, highlighting the extent of the entanglement between their emergent identities and personal lifeworld. I explore the interplay of the factors which shape these early encounters and, using a narrative approach, examine how identities are forged, how the opportunities and challenges presented by online spaces are negotiated, and the importance of a sense of belonging. This approach contributes to the growing field of online research methods through an innovative use of online reflective journals and Skype interviews and further extends the writing on liminality into online spaces. Although the data for this study was collected and analysed before the COVID-19 pandemic, I examine what we, as educator-researchers, can learn from these narratives and how this might inform our professional practice in the COVID-19 context
82908956	Peripherality and economic development	About this book: Margins in European Integration explores a new, important perspective for an expanding Europe: that as integration attempts to accommodate to an ever greater kaleidoscope of economic interests and political positions, margins and marginality become visible, perpetual features of the 'integrated' Europe, and permanent elements in the dynamics shaping it
82958089	On a class of kernel density estimate bandwidth selectors	A class of data-based bandwidth selection procedures for kernel density estimation is investigated. These procedures yield bandwidth estimates ĥ which have a (poor) relative error rate of convergence to h0, the bandwidth which minimises mean integrated squared error, of order n-1/10 as n → ∞, where n is the sample size. Various members of this class are identified--some are new, but they include the well-known least squares cross-validation--and the unified treatment they receive is novel. Relative error rate of convergence of these ĥ’s to ĥ0 the bandwidth which minimises integrated squared error, is also examined. For this criterion, an n-1/10 convergence rate is best possible, and these ĥ's still achieve it. Our treatment of the latter problem has the important spinoff of helping clarify the role of methods which are better estimates of h0 (for which convergence rates as good as n-1/2 can be attained) in estimating ĥ0. Constant multipliers of n-1/10 are derived throughout and these provide theoretical rankings of methods within the class. A small simulation study provides information about which comparisons are of real practical consequence. An important conclusion is that methods that are good at estimating ĥ0 are likely to be as good as any at estimating ĥ0too
82980844	Unsupervised contact in the age of new technology: possible solutions	ObjectivesTo consider the phenomenon that is unsupervised contact by young people in care with members of their social network using mobile technologies and social media, and how social  work practitioners may best respond to the associated risks and opportunities.MethodsDoctoral research literature review that has focused on the use of mobile technologies by adolescents, and then more specifically adolescent children in care.  The review of the literature has also taken into account brain development, attachment as well as the discipline of educational psycho-therapy.ResultsThe literature review has highlighted that unsupervised contact by adolescents when undertaken and pursued is complex and risky because of the lack of support to manage the emotional complications. Moreover, there is the added difficulty of practitioners being unable to effectively manage the nature and level of contact which may have a detrimental effect on the wellbeing of the young person, as well as leading to greater likelihood of placement disruption.  These findings coupled with the adolescent brain development go some way to explain the behaviour of adolescents in care who pursue unsupervised contact because it  is a type of strange and exciting experience which leads to communication with others in a fashion that is not hemmed in by spatial location, time or social conventions.ConclusionsChild and Family social work practitioners will need to acquire a greater understanding of mobile technologies and how they are used by adolescents in care.  Moreover, in accordance with the current literature on adolescent brain development social work practitioners will need to give greater attention to the decision-making skills of adolescents in care to ensure that an environment of ‘cold cognition’ is created which may promote a better understanding of choices made and the subsequent consequences.  Child and Family social work practitioners can also learn from the educational psychotherapeutic field, in particular Bomber  (2009) who identifies that the key to effective support of young people who are experiencing attachment-related difficulties is through the process of emotional scaffolding which involves demonstrating to them that they are ‘kept in mind’, particularly during their numerous transitions
82907369	La femme de couleur dans les contes populaires français	A study of the treatment of black African women in French traditional folktales from various regions
82980752	A sociocultural perspective on negotiating digital identities in a community of learners	Three dimensional virtual world environments are becoming an increasingly regular feature of the education landscape, providing the opportunity for richly graphical augmented and immersive learning activities. Those who participate in these experiences must mediate through an avatar, negotiating and managing the complexities of this new variation of digital identity alongside their more familiar identity as learner and/or teacher/facilitator. This chapter describes some key moments in the construction of our own digital identities as a lecturer and a student in the Open University’s community in Second LifeTM. We explore our experiences in relation to the impact of trust and consistency from a sociocultural perspective, privileging the role of social interaction and context where meaning is socially produced and situationally interpreted, concluding that social interaction is pivotal to any meaningful identity development that takes place. The chapter ends with thoughts for future issues surrounding digital identity in relation to lifelong learning
528399562	[Book Review] Age at Work: Ambiguous Boundaries of Organizations, Organizing and Ageing by Jeff Hearn & Wendy Parkin	None
82958082	Comment on "Choosing a kernel regression estimator" by C.K. Chu and J.S. Marron	None
82974480	Polarons in highly doped atomically thin graphitic materials	Polaron spectral functions are computed for highly doped graphene-on-substrate and other atomically thin graphitic systems using the diagrammatic Monte Carlo technique. The specific aim is to investigate the effects of interaction on spectral functions when the symmetry between sublattices of a honeycomb lattice has been broken by the substrate or ionicity, inducing a band gap. Introduction of electron-phonon coupling leads to several polaronic features, such as band-flattening and changes in particle lifetimes. At the K point, differences between energies on each sublattice increase with electron-phonon coupling, indicating an augmented transport gap, while the spectral gap decreases slightly. Effects of phonon dispersion and long-range interactions are investigated, and found to lead to only quantitative changes in spectra
334412074	An open letter to the Universe: A reflection on conducting "good" research	Purpose - The goal of this letter to the Universe was to reveal a qualitative researcher’s journey into finding her sense of self during a trial she faced while conducting her dissertation research.Methodology - Indigenous research methodologies (IRM) mixed with an autoethnography were used. A critical reflexivity position, with respect to being in the field, was adopted, melding in the Universe, the Sun, and the Earth as objects that the author can talk and interact with. This reflexivity was captured within the letter to the Universe.Findings - Three outcomes are discussed. Notably, the implications of this work with respect to power-relations and gender. The issue of being in the field is then discussed. Finally, untangling the practical implications of using IRM/autoethnography as a combined method is presented.Social/Practical Implications - The letter to the Universe offers a guide of sorts to other qualitative researchers, via one person’s experience in the field. The letter is, in the end, a cautionary story for others, acknowledging that we can respond to a trial in a gendered fashion, that one needs to be humble along with being persistent, flexible and resourceful towards achieving “good” research.Originality/Value - As a Western, White woman scholar, who circles Indigenous influences, this letter demonstrated one possible way of embracing, and acknowledging, IRM without appropriating it
334412075	The trajectory of the 2010 student movement in the UK: from student activism to strikes	None
82907364	A l’aube d’une littérature nigériane en français?	An evaluation of current Nigerian efforts to publish in French and their motivations. The role of teachers' associations and the difficulties facing those writers. The context: rapid development of a literature in English and local efforts to publish in Nigerian languages
305114233	Normalising abortion: what role can health professionals play?	Background: Despite being a common gynaecological procedure, abortion continues to be widely stigmatised. The research and medical communities are increasingly considering ways of reducing stigma, and health professionals have a role to play in normalising abortion as part of routine sexual and reproductive healthcare (SRH). We sought to investigate how health professionals may normalise abortion and challenge prevailing negative sociocultural narratives.Methods: As part of the Sexuality and Abortion Stigma Study (SASS), qualitative secondary analysis was conducted on two datasets containing health professionals’ accounts of providing abortion in Scotland and England. A subsample of 20 interviews were subjected to in-depth, thematic analysis.Results: Four key themes were identified in heath professionals’ accounts: (1) encountering resistance to abortion from others working in SRH; (2) contending with prevailing negative sociocultural narratives of abortion; (3) enacting overt positivity towards abortion provision; and (4) presenting abortion as part of normal, routine healthcare.Conclusions: It is clear that negative attitudes toward abortion persist both inside and outside of healthcare systems, and need to be challenged in order to destigmatise those accessing and providing services. Health professionals can play a key role in normalising abortion, through the ways in which they frame their work and present abortion to women they treat, and others more widely. Our analysis suggests a key way to achieve this is by presenting abortion as part of normal, routine SRH, but that appropriate support and structural change are essential for normalisation to become embedded
82908935	Neglected aspects of the East Asian financial crisis	The crisis of 1997 involved a serious disruption within the financial systems of the East Asian economies. A substantial literature on the causes and results of the crisis subsequently accumulated, and while there has been a certain convergence of opinion, a number of factors appear to be consistently ignored or given insufficient attention. An attempt is made below to correct this imbalance. Attention is initially focused on some of the key influences affecting financial systems, and particular consideration is given to the influence of space. The nature, form and causes of the crisis are then examined, along with a discussion of the post-crisis recovery and the role of the state in this connection. The commentary concludes with an identification of the more important implications of the crisis and the lessons to be learnt from these
459156489	‘That girl, she hear what we talk’: provisional and ongoing consent in research with 4-5 year old children	None
82983130	The Flow of Online Learning with Music and Animation	None
82907374	Fully Adaptive Performance Scalable Block-based Motion Estimation	Trading-off computational complexity and quality is an important performance constraint for real time application of motion estimation algorithm. To address this issue, an adaptive-centre diamond search distance dependent thresholding search (ADSDTS) algorithm has been proposed [1] for motion estimation in video coding applications. ADSDTS encompassed both the full search (FS) as well as fast searching modes, with different threshold settings providing various quality-of-service levels. The main drawback of ADSDTS was that the threshold value was manually defined. In this paper, the ADSDTS algorithm has been extended to a fully adaptive centre-prediction diamond-search distance-dependent thresholding search (FACDDTS), a key feature of which is the automatic adaptation of the threshold using the desired target and the content from the actual video sequence, to achieve a guaranteed level of quality or processing complexity. Experimental results confirm the performance of the FACDDTS algorithm in achieving this objective with minimal additional computational cost
459156524	[Book review] The rock art landscapes of Rombalds Moor, West Yorkshire, by Vivien Deacon	None
82972876	Ground temperature profiles and thermal rock properties at Wairakei, New Zealand	Here we present ground temperature data from Wairakei, Taupo, New Zealand. The surface zone in this area extends to 0.5 m, while the shallow zone extends to at least 7.39 m. It is expected that the deep zone starts close to this depth and will exhibit a constant temperature of approximately 14.3°C, 1–2°C higher than the mean ambient temperature at this site. Shallow ground temperatures are predominantly influenced by the ambient air temperature and to a lesser extent the amount of rainfall. Modelling of the thermal waves, taking conductive and convective heat transfer into account, enables estimates of thermal diffusivity, volumetric heat capacity and thermal conductivity, whose mean values based on data from August 2010–April 2011 were 3.48 × 10−7 m2 s−1, 2.35 × 106 J m−3 K−1 and 0.89 W m−1 K−1 respectively. These estimates are within the same ranges as previous estimates of the thermal properties at Wairakei, although the mean values are slightly higher. This finding is consistent with the increased amount of recharge that occurred during the experimental period. Increased understanding of ground temperature and thermal rock properties is valuable for the development of low enthalpy geothermal resources as well as having applications in hydrology, agronomy and climatology
459156672	Environmental justice in urban greening for subtropical Asian cities: the view from Taipei	Whilst an extensive body of literature exists on the environmental justice implications of urban greening in North America, Europe and to an extent Australasia, there are fewer analogous studies for tropical zone Asian city contexts. Given increasing global interest in the potential for urban greenspace to contribute to resilience in the face of environmental change and the higher vulnerability of Asian cities to environmental shocks, this is a notable gap. In response, this paper evaluates the contours of environmental justice debates within urban greenspace planning for one subtropical Asian city—Taipei. Through analysis of newspaper reporting on urban greenspace planning within Taipei, the potential and limitations of greenspace planning in contributing to equitably delivering benefits from urban greenspace towards resilience are assessed. Findings suggest that claims to environmental injustice in greenspace debates within Taipei follow broadly similar lines to controversies in Europe and North America. Nevertheless, the need for specific knowledge to understand the different ecosystem services provided by tropical zone ecosystems, and the potential for conflicts over greenspace versus development to be heightened in dense Asian city settings, are highlighted as potential areas where environmental justice debates in an Asian urban greening context may differ from Western cities
459156484	Experiences of teachers who have engaged their classrooms in citizen science activities	Despite the current focus on understanding what and how young people learn when participating in Citizen Science (CS) activities, teachers’ involvement and experience have received less attention. This study explored the experiences of teachers who have engaged their classrooms in CS activities. The main findings from 56 survey responses and 11 interviews indicate that teachers’ motivations are mainly to improve their professional development, to communicate with scientists and researchers, and to develop students’ skills and knowledge. Teachers engage in many types of CS projects and initiate collaborative activities with local and other science groups, universities, and other schools. Teachers use a range of teaching approaches such as hands-on experience, linking curriculum to daily life, collaborative learning, and parental engagement. Challenges that teachers confront include institutional bureaucracy, limited resources, and lack of student motivation. Insights from this study contribute to raising awareness of CS projects and designing more engaging activities for classrooms
82904380	Did Paleogene North Atlantic rift-related eruptions drive early Eocene climate cooling?	The delivery of volcanogenic sulphur into the upper atmosphere by explosive eruptions is known to cause significant temporary climate cooling. Therefore, phreatomagmatic and phreatoplinian eruptions occurring during the final rifting stages of active flood basalt provinces provide a potent mechanism for triggering climate change.During the early Eocene, the northeast Atlantic margin was subjected to repeated ashfall for 0.5 m.y. This was the result of extensive phreatomagmatic activity along 3000 km of the opening northeast Atlantic rift. These widespread, predominantly basaltic ashes are now preserved in marine sediments of the Balder Formation and its equivalents, and occur over an area extending from the Faroe Islands to Denmark and southern England. These ash-bearing sediments also contain pollen and spore floras derived from low diversity forests that grew in cooler, drier climates than were experienced either before or after these highly explosive eruptions. In addition, coeval plant macrofossil evidence from the Bighorn Basin, Wyoming, USA, also shows a comparable pattern of vegetation change. The coincidence of the ashes and cooler climate pollen and spore floras in northwest Europe identifies volcanism as the primary cause of climate cooling. Estimates show that whilst relatively few phreatomagmatic eruptive centres along the 3000 km opening rift system could readily generate 0.5–1 °C cooling, on an annual basis, only persistent or repeated volcanic phases would have been able to achieve the long-term cooling effect observed in the floral record. We propose that the cumulative effect of repeated Balder Formation eruptions initiated a biodiversity crisis in the northeast Atlantic margin forests. Only the decline of this persistent volcanic activity, and the subsequent climatic warming at the start of the Eocene Thermal Maximum allowed the growth of subtropical forests to develop across the region
82904356	Higher Education and the Knowledge Society: issues, challenges and responses in Norway and Germany	This paper investigates how employers and university leaders in two very different countries, Germany and Norway, are responding to the challenges imposed by the global knowledge economy and the 1999 Bologna Declaration. It asks: Does society need more or fewer graduates? What competencies do employers expect of their graduate workers? How do higher education institutions perceive their responsibility towards the employability of their graduates? Both countries offer the opportunity to illustrate responses to shared challenges. From a comparative perspective a number of issues have emerged. In Germany, the country’s federal structure with divided responsibilities remains a cause of frustration. Reforms are slow and laden with complexities. Norway’s centralised system of higher education, on the other hand, and the availability of resources, has eased higher education reforms but not anxieties about the country’s economic future ‘once the oil runs out’. However, the successes of two mass higher education systems built on Humboldtian traditions are also discussed
82908816	An infrared ring nebula around MSX5C G358.5391+00.1305: The true nature of suspected planetary nebula wray 17-96 determined via direct imaging and spectroscopy	The Midcourse Space Experiment (MSX) Galactic plane survey discovered a nearly perfectly circular ring nebula around the suspected planetary nebula Wray 17-96. Using near-IR spectral typing and modeling of the mid-IR nebula, we find that Wray 17-96 is more likely a candidate to be a luminous blue variable (LBV) surrounded by a large spherical ejecta shell. It is very similar to the G79.29+0.46 LBV candidate in Cygnus and the Pistol Star. The K-band spectrum and the mid-IR data indicate a stellar temperature of 13,000 K. The most likely distance to the source is 4.5 kpc, leading to a luminosity of 1.8 × 106 L. We suggest that the nebula consists of multiple shells and that an evolution from oxygen-rich to carbon-rich chemistry may be indicated
459156720	[Book Review] Children's Rights, Educational Research and the UNCRC: Past, Present and Future, Jenna Gillet‐Swan and Vicki Coppock (eds.)	None
82975844	Nonorientable regular maps over linear fractional groups	It is well known that for any given hyperbolic pair (k, m) there exist infinitely many regular maps of valence k and face length m on an orientable surface, with automorphism group isomorphic to a linear fractional group. A nonorientable analogue of this result was known to be true for all pairs (k, m) as above with at least one even entry. In this paper we establish the existence of such regular maps on nonorientable surfaces for all hyperbolic pairs
82975756	Introduction: Cultural work, time and trajectory	[About the book]In recent years, cultural work has engaged the interest of scholars from a broad range of social science and humanities disciplines. The debate in this ‘turn to cultural work’ has largely been based around evaluating its advantages and disadvantages: its freedoms and its constraints, its informal but precarious nature, the inequalities within its global workforce, and the blurring of work–life boundaries leading to ‘self-exploitation’.While academic critics have persuasively challenged more optimistic accounts of ‘converged’ worlds of creative production, the critical debate on cultural work has itself leant heavily towards suggesting a profoundly new confluence of forces and effects. Theorizing Cultural Work instead views cultural work through a specifically historicized and temporal lens, to ask: what novelty can we actually attach to current conditions, and precisely what relation does cultural work have to social precedent? The contributors to this volume also explore current transformations and future(s) of work within the cultural and creative industries as they move into an uncertain future.This book challenges more affirmative and proselytising industry and academic perspectives, and the pervasive cult of novelty that surrounds them, to locate cultural work as an historically and geographically situated process. It will be of interest to students and scholars of sociology, cultural studies, human geography, urban studies and industrial relations, as well as management and business studies, cultural and economic policy and development, government and planning
82978073	A research paradigm for systems agriculture.	Commencing in the late 19708 a multidisciplinary group of staff at Hawkesbury Agricultural College embarked on what we now understand as an Action Research Project. Our experiences of agriculture in Australia, UK, Asia, Africa and South America convinced us that agriculture is a complicated human activity involving uncertainty and change. From our interactions with farmers and employers across the agricultural sector we increasingly believed that our graduates were not being sufficiently equipped to cope with this complexity and change - to be professional agriculturalists for the twenty-first century (Macadam and Bawden 1985). We were also conscious ofDahlberg's (1979) assertion that the 'conceptual maps that most people have of agriculture fail to recognise it as the basic interface between people and their environments.'We decided to investigate ways of learning about how to improve problem situations in agriculture. This required the development of insights into the learning-problem-solving- research process, which we elucidate subsequently. Through this process we have come to view problems as 'things that never disappear utterly and that cannot be solved once and for all' (Lakoff and Johnson 1980) in contrast to the present widely held view of problems as puzzles for which, typically, there is a correct solution. To convey this meaning we use here the phrase 'improve problem situations' rather than 'solve problems.'In this paper we will first outline the conditions in Australian agriculture that led us to decide to adopt a systems approach at Hawkesbury, which we are calling systems agriculture.We will follow this with an outline of the methodologies of the approach and relate these to a psychology of learning. For debate during the workshop, we will present our perception of the relative position of systems agriculture in the spectrum of systems approaches to research in agriculture and postulate a model of influences on their evolution. Finally, we will outline our views on the application of systems agriculture in researching complex problem situations in agriculture
586542078	The Development and Validation of the Relational Depth Frequency Scale	Background: Relational depth is defined as ‘a state of profound contact and engagement between two people, in which each person is fully real with the Other, and able to understand and value the other’s experiences at a high level’ (Mearns and Cooper, 2005, p. xii). The concept emerged in humanistic therapies and became an area of interest in research on the therapeutic relationship. Evidence suggests relational depth may be associated to psychological growth and therapy outcome. The Relational Depth Inventory (Wiggins, 2007) provided a first instrument to measure presence of relational depth in a significant event. To this day there is no validated instrument to measure the frequency of relational depth in therapy.Aims: The principal aim of this project is to develop and validate a scale that can reliably measure the frequency of relational depth in therapy. Other aims include explorations of the demographic moderators of the frequency of relational depth.Methods: Standard procedures included the creation of an item pool, expert rating of items, and Three-Step Test interviews. A psychometric exploration was used to assess internal consistency in a sample of 556 clients and therapists, convergent validity with the RDI and WAI-SR, divergent validity with a measure of self-compassion, a principal component analysis, and associations in demographic variables.Findings and further research: The 20-item Relational Depth Frequency Scale (RDFS) has excellent reliability in this sample and good initial construct validity. We uncovered two dimensions of relational depth: enduring relational depth and intense moments of relational depth. Therapists had higher relational depth frequency (RDF) than clients. Qualified practitioners had higher RDF than trainees. Individuals who self-identified as spiritual had higher RDF than those who self-identified as atheists. Therapists had higher RDF the longer the therapy was. Clients showed lower RDF between the sixth and twenty-fourth session. The RDFS can be used for further research, particularly in assessing the predictive validity of relational depth on outcome.</br
82978124	'How long do you intend to stay?': Desire meets proscription in the subject in Henry Miller's Via Dieppe-Newhaven.	This paper uses Henry Miller's account, 'Via Dieppe-Newhaven', concerning the Parisian-based author's barred attempt to visit London in order to satisfy a desire 'to hear English spoken twenty-four hours of the day', as a means of exploring the intersection of language and proscription in the psychic space of the subject. Like Miller, people often undertake a journey, physical or metaphorical, in order to search for that which they presume to be lacking from their lives; that illusive thing capable of satiating desire and making their world a better, more tolerable place. But are all such journeys forever condemned to fail, and to what extent does law play a role in that failure? Within a psychoanalytical framework and with particular emphasis on the association between language, law and the subject formulated by Jacque Lacan, this paper will first examine the relationship language has with desire and its architect lack in order to explore the subject's motivation for undertaking the quest or journey, 'the bon voyage' as Miller refers to it, and ask whether or not it ever has an end as such. Secondly, consideration will be given to law (as proscription) and the manner in which it intersects the subject en route and helps to shape the many linguistic bumps, barriers, obstacles and hurdles that constitute the subject's 'road'; an intervention which inevitably disrupts, deforms, frustrates, even terminates, their journey
82912544	The Private Farmer: Transformation and legitimation in advanced capitalist agriculture	None
195353875	The Routledge Research Companion to Ford Madox Ford	Taking account of Ford Madox Ford's entire literary output, this companion brings together prominent Ford specialists to offer an overview of existing Ford scholarship and to suggest new directions in Ford studies. The Routledge Research Companion to Ford Madox Ford is an invaluable resource for students and scholars of Ford studies, modernism, First World War fiction, and the literary world that Ford helped shape in the early years of the twentieth century
586542080	Almost-Monochromatic Sets and the Chromatic Number of the Plane	None
82975980	The synergy of large area surveys with AKARI and HERSCHEL	The Herschel Space Observatory is the European Space Agency's state of the art telescope launched into space on 14 May 2009, covering the wavelength range from 70-700 microns with 3 instruments SPIRE, PACS and HIFI. Large area surveys are being carried out by Herschel in the AKARI legacy fields at the North and South Ecliptic Poles and the AKARI All-Sky Survey provides additional synergy with the largest survey with Herschel, H-ATLAS, covering more than 500 square degrees. This paper reports on some of the early results of the synergies between Herschel and AKARI including the first comparison of the AKARI All-Sky Survey number counts with the deeper Herschel surveys
82910418	Lecturers' everyday writing as professional practice in the university as workplace: new insights into academic identities	This paper reports on an investigation into the workplace writing of university lecturers as a significant element of their professional practice. The research has focused on lecturers' routine, everyday writing, as opposed to their more prestigious or scholarly writing. In order to gain an understanding of writing as professional practice, about 30 lecturers in three different UK universities have been interviewed, focusing on a small number of their everyday workplace documents, chosen by the participants themselves. This reflected a particular perspective on written documents in the university workplace - namely, that they actually instantiate practice rather than merely carry along meaning. The paper discusses some of the substantive, methodological and theoretical ideas emerging from the research. It is argued that the focus on lecturers' experience of producing and working with workplace documents in specific institutional contexts suggests new ways of framing the relationship between academic practice and academic identities, as textual, communicative and situated. This in turn has important implications for the way academic development is conceptualised
82910405	Re-purposing for open education: evolving roles, responsibilities and processes	This paper explores processes designed to support large-scale re-purposing for an open education repository. The context for the discussion is provided by OpenLearn, the Open Content Initiative of the UK Open University (UKOU). OpenLearn is a major initiative funded by the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation that aims to repurpose several thousand study-hours of existing UKOU learning materials. A core challenge for OpenLearn has been to establish an appropriate context to enable re-purposing of learning resources written primarily for print. The response to this challenge has been to create a streamlined production structure to support a team including media, editorial and academic staff. This is, however, distinct from the structure that supports course development in the institution. Indeed, a variety of ongoing changes within the university suggest that OpenLearn constitutes, amongst other possibilities, a site for experimentation and trialling of new ways of working that question established roles and responsibilities. The discussion revolves around a comparison of graphical schemes created to represent the production processes, which undergo periodic reviews. In suggesting that the project appears to be fostering a re-evaluation of professional jurisdiction boundaries, this paper investigates aspects of that venture that may also challenge the very nature and purposes of education
82901957	Songs of sundrie natures	This volume, the twentieth and last to appear in the new Byrd Edition, completes one of the most ambitious single-composer editorial projects in recent history. William Byrd himself produced the 1589 Songs of Sundrie Natures during an unusually fruitful publishing drive of four full-length compilations in as many years: Psalmes, Sonets, and Songs (London: Thomas East, 1588); Latin books 1–2 of the Latin Cantiones sacrae (London: East, 1589, 1591); a large manuscript anthology of keyboard music (My Ladye Nevells Booke, 1591); and two printed settings for four and six voices of "This Sweet and Merry Month of May" (for Thomas Watson's First Sett of Italian Madrigalls Englished [London: East, 1590]), which more or less single-handedly launched the Elizabethan madrigal craze. This second songbook may be compared to Byrd's second book of Cantiones sacrae: as its name suggests, it is a more eclectic and less unified volume than its predecessor. The music varies widely in scoring, style, and mood. Byrd explains in his preface to the reader (reproduced on p. xxxvii) that he is "desirous to delight thee with varietie, whereof (in my opinion) no Science is more plentifully adorned then Musicke," and he offers the book as a musical smorgasbord "to serve for all companies and voyces." The composer's note ad lectorem, as so often, is a glimpse of personal warmth after the slightly tense flattery of the dedication proper. Here he signs himself "The most affectionate freend to all that love or learne Musick"; he seems far removed from the stubborn, isolated, even bitter figure revealed by some documentary sources. The author of these thirty-four songs was a musician in the prime of life, well aware of his own talent and of the public esteem ("good passage and utterance") in which it was held.Byrd's 1589 songbook offers a number of well-known pieces as well as some less familiar delights. The curious reader may wish to start with the seven penitential psalms that open the collection. These psalms have been described as "severe," "Netherlandish," or otherwise uncongenial (p. xiii), but eloquent little gems such as "Lord Hear My Prayer" (no. 5) or "Attend Mine Humble Prayer"(no. 7) are worth exploring alongside Byrd's better-known three-voice music. In his Latin liturgical works, Byrd went on to achieve great effect with the slenderest of musical forces: recall the Candlemas antiphon "Adorna thalamumtuum," the hymn "Ave maris stella" (both from the Gradualia, book 1 [London: East, 1605]), or, most memorably, the three-part Mass (ca. 1593–94). It is not hard to see hints of that later style in these unassuming songs. They are far from the simple psalm settings consumed avidly in Elizabethan England; they are equally far from the elaborate penitential motets Byrd luxuriated in during the 1570s and 1580s. We can see him here forging a language for small-scale domestic sacred music that would serve him well in his later work for the Roman rite.In a paper read at the International William Byrd Conference held at Duke University in November 2005, Peter Bassano recently suggested that a puzzling line in the psalm "Lord in Thy Wrath"(no. 3)—"give teares, give grace, give penitence, unto my sinfull sexe"—points clearly to a female poet, perhaps the musician and published author Emilia Bassano, sometime lover of Henry Carey, Lord Hunsdon, to whom Songs of Sundrie Natures is dedicated. His hypothesis may also encourage us to revisit the three-voice song "Susanna Fair" (no. 8), which has had to wait for David Mateer's editorial work to get a fair hearing in modern print in this new edition
82910350	Assessment	None
82975845	Brazil: building national regulatory frameworks	Brazil has recently received many accolades for its 'managed revolution' and significant improvements in its education system. But for policy makers in Brazil one of the challenges is the establishment of a structured relationship between the imperatives of system-wide reform and the needs and perceptions of teachers working within the system. This chapter explores recent developments in Brazil - a large scale laboratory, around teacher quality and teacher development
82910312	Childhood	None
82975962	Arthropod abundance and diversity in a lowland tropical forest floor in Panama: the role of habitat space vs. nutrient concentrations	Tropical forest floor characteristics such as depth and nutrient concentrations are highly heterogeneous even over small spatial scales and it is unclear how these differences contribute to patchiness in forest floor arthropod abundance and diversity. In a lowland tropical forest in Panama we experimentally increased litter standing crop by removing litter from five plots (L-) and adding it to five other plots (L+); we had five control plots. After 32 mo of treatments we investigated how arthropod abundance and diversity were related to differences in forest floor physical (mass, depth, water content) and chemical properties (pH, nutrient concentrations). Forest floor mass and total arthropod abundance were greater in L+ plots compared with controls. There were no treatment differences in nutrient concentrations, pH or water content of the organic horizons. Over all plots, the mass of the fermentation horizon (Oe) was greater than the litter horizon (Oi); arthropod diversity and biomass were also greater in the Oe horizon but nutrient concentrations tended to be higher in the Oi horizon. Arthropod abundance was best explained by forest floor mass, while arthropod diversity was best explained by phosphorus, calcium and sodium concentrations in the Oi horizon and by phosphorus concentrations in the Oe horizon. Differences in arthropod community composition between treatments and horizons correlated with phosphorus concentration and dry mass of the forest floor. We conclude that at a local scale, arthropod abundance is related to forest floor mass ( habitat space), while arthropod diversity is related to forest floor nutrient concentrations (habitat quality)
82910317	A comparative perspective	None
82975798	Eknath Ranade, gurus and jivanvratis: Vivekananda Kendra's promotion of the 'Yoga Way of Life'	This study examines the promotion of the teaching and practice of yoga by Vivekananda Kendra, a movement that acknowledges 'two mothers', the Ramakrishna Math and Mission and the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh. In exploring what the Kendra understands by the 'Yoga Way of Life', the chapter examines the methods by which yoga teaching has been promoted within this organisation and the place of yoga in its outreach activities
82910426	Investigating writing in the disciplines: a case study of geography	None
82910313	What constitutes transgressive sex? The case of child prostitution in Thailand	About the book: Sex is often regarded as a dangerous business that must be rigorously controlled, regulated, and subjected to rules. Sexual acts that defy acceptable practices may be seen as variously defiling, immoral, and even unnatural. They may challenge and subvert both cultural preconceptions and the social order in a politics of sexual transgression that threatens to radically transform permissible boundaries and restructure bodily engagements. This collection of essays explores acts of sexual transgression that have the power to reconfigure perceptions of bodily intimacy and the social norms of interaction. Considering issues such as domestic violence, child prostitution, health and sex, teenage sex, and sex with animals across a range of settings from contemporary Oceania, the Pacific, South Africa, and southeast Asia to Euro-America, this book should interest all those who question the "naturalness" of sex, including public health workers, clinical practitioners and students of sex, sexuality, and gender in the humanities and social sciences
82976227	Letters	A survey of the role played by the genre of the letter in early modern literature and culture. I discuss the nature of early modern epistographical theory, arguing that letter-writers in the period were pulled in three directions: by the medieval ars dictaminis, geared to the registering of hierarchical social distinctions, by Renaissance rhetorical theory, and by the revived theory of the 'familiar' letter. I also highlight the importance of secretaries and messengers in early modern letter-writing and of the widespread anxiety this caused. The chapter concludes with a description of the influence of epistolary structures on printed literature
82976238	Tragical histories, tragical tales	In this chapter, I isolate for study the genre of the 'tragical tale', tracing its origins in Boccaccio, Ovid, Livy and Seneca and describing in detail the key influence on early Elizabethan examples of the genre of Bandello's novelle and of Bandello's French translators, Boiastuau and Belleforest. As well as unpicking the complex relationship between history, fiction and morality in the genre as a whole, I analyse in detail four English texts: William Painter's Palace of Pleasure (1566), Geoffrey Fenton's Certain Tragical Discourses (1567), Arthur Brooke's Romeus and Juliet (1562) and Bernard Garter's The Tragical and True History (1565). I also consider the later development of the genre, including its absorption into other genres of prose fiction and partial replacement with the providentialist crime pamphlet
82912999	Innocence and experience revisited	An Introduction to Childhood Studies offers a wide-ranging and thought-provoking approach to the study of childhood, providing an important contribution to this burgeoning area of research and teachin
82976237	The queen's two hands	In this chapter, I analyse the different 'hands' (or styles of handwriting) used by  Elizabeth I: the italic hand in which her earliest texts were written, a later italic, and the rough, 'skrating' hand in which she wrote informal manuscripts after her accession to the throne. I link the second italic hand to exemplars in Giovambattista Palatino's Libro nuovo d'imparare a scrivere tutte sorte de lettere (1540), a handwriting manual owned by Elizabeth's brother, Edward VI, who, like Elizabeth, imitated its letter-forms. I show that the ornamentation in Elizabeth's famous signature derives from samples in Palatino's book. I also re-examine the gendering of handwriting in early modern England and the significance of the contrast between Elizabeth's 'skrating' hand and the formality of her signature
82978080	Systems methodologies for sustainable natural resources research and development.	Systems methodologies are helping to reshape the way in which natural resource Research and Development (R&D) is conducted but they are under-utilised and under-researched. This paper outlines some recent trends in systems thinking, and argues the case for the use and further development of systems methodologies for research and development in sustainable natural resource management (NRM R&D). Systems, or complexity, research reveals the inadequacy of development projects which are based on blueprints and certainty derived from linear projections into the future. Two strands of NRM R&D are explored: farming systems research (FSR) and systems learning. Both have been extended from farming to rural livelihood and food systems. This improves their holistic claims but increases demands on them. FSR acknowledges that both natural and socio-economic science are necessary to NRM but has had limited success in synthesising them. The systems learning strand is increasingly apparent but is still under-researched despite successes. Research to further adapt and develop systems methodologies in NRM contexts is identified
82978491	Dropping out of the network: seafarers, international regulation and the exercise of sovereignty	None
82978138	“They don’t really care what happens to me”: divorce, family life and children’s emotional worlds in 1950s’ British cinema	None
82912555	Story voices: the use of reported speech in 10-12 year olds' spontaneous narratives	None
82901564	Paracrine relationships between adipose and lymphoid tissues: implications for the mechanism of HIV-associated adipose redistribution syndrome	Paracrine interactions between lymphoid cells and adipocytes surrounding lymph nodes improve the efficiency of immune responses by emancipating activated lymphoid cells from competition with other tissues for blood-borne nutrients. HIV infection may disrupt this relationship, causing lipodystrophy.The adipocytes anatomically associated with lymph nodes and omental milky spots have site-specific properties that equip them to interact locally with lymphoid cells. Paracrine provisioning of peripheral immune responses improves their efficiency and emancipates activated lymphocytes from competition with other tissues for blood-borne nutrients.  Prolonged disruption to such paracrine interactions may contribute to the HIV-associated adipose redistribution syndrome, causing selective hypertrophy of the mesentery, omentum and other adipose depots that contain much activated lymphoid tissue
82901576	Specialisation, self-criticism and the boundaries of practice	None
586542112	Politics and applied linguistics	For the discipline of applied linguistics, political issues have always been a central concern, whether they are addressed implicitly or explicitly. If we take Brumfit’s definition of applied linguistics as the ‘investigation of real-world problems in which language is a central issue’ (1995: 27), it becomes inevitable that, assuming we believe that the ‘real world’ is intrinsically political, the discipline itself needs to address issues of power. In this chapter, I examine three main issues concerning the relationship between politics and language. The first focuses on politics about language - the way that (ideas about) language, particular languages, and language use become the site for political debate and struggle. The second is politics enacted through language - the ways that language use itself achieves or is subject to political effects. And the third examines the ways in which applied linguistics is relevant specifically to electoral politics - how insights from linguistics can be applied to the analysis, or even the practice, of political engagement, especially in the context of electoral or party politics
586542132	A Hybrid Piezoelectric and Reverse Electrowetting Energy Harvester for Wearable Biosensors	Wearable biosensors play a critical role for healthcare monitoring. However, reliance of biosensors on batteries has serious drawbacks. Although the human body energy can be converted into electricity with energy harvesters. Hybridization of multiple energy harvesters is a prominent trend to increase the power output. In this work a hybrid piezoelectric and reverse electrowetting (REWOD) energy harvester is proposed. The main principle of working is based on the presence of electrical double layer in REWOD component and the coupling with a piezoelectric nanogenerator via an electret. The proposed energy harvester design was tested numerically and in a series of experiments
82983928	5-Fluorouracil loaded Eudragit fibers prepared by electrospinning	A series of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) loaded core/shell electrospun fibers is reported. The fibers have shells made of Eudragit S100 (ES-100), and drug-loaded cores comprising poly(vinylpyrrolidone), ethyl cellulose, ES-100, or drug alone. Monolithic 5-FU loaded ES-100 fibers were also prepared for comparison. Electron microscopy showed all the fibers to have smooth cylindrical shapes, and clear core–shell structures were visible for all samples except the monolithic fibers. 5-FU was present in the amorphous physical form in all the materials prepared. Dissolution studies showed that the ES-100 shell was not able to prevent drug release at pH 1.0, even though the polymer is completely insoluble at this pH: around 30–80% of the maximum drug release was reached after 2 h immersion at pH 1.0. These observations are ascribed to the low molecular weight of 5-FU permitting it to diffuse through pores in the ES-100 coating, and the relatively high acid solubility of the drug providing a thermodynamic impetus for this to happen. In addition, the fibers were observed to be broken or merged following 2 h at pH 1.0, giving additional escape routes for the 5-FU
195353929	Social learning and macroeconomic policy–making in the United Kingdom since 1979	None
195353920	To  the Rescue of National Parliaments: A Reply to Raunio	None
188345840	Learning analytics at the intersections of student trust, disclosure and benefit	Evidence suggests that individuals are often willing to exchange personal data for (real or perceived) benefits. Such an exchange may be impacted by their trust in a particular context and their (real or perceived) control over their data.Students remain concerned about the scope and detail of surveillance of their learning behavior, their privacy, their control over what data are collected, the purpose of the collection, and the implications of any analysis. Questions arise as to the extent to which students are aware of the benefits and risks inherent in the exchange of their data, and whether they are willing to exchange personal data for more effective and supported learning experiences.This study reports on the views of entry level students at the Open University (OU) in 2018. The primary aim is to explore differences between stated attitudes to privacy and their online behaviors, and whether these same attitudes extend to their university's uses of their (personal) data. The analysis indicates, inter alia, that there is no obvious relationship between how often students are online or their awareness of/concerns about privacy issues in online contexts and what they actually do to protect themselves. Significantly though, the findings indicate that students overwhelmingly have an inherent trust in their university to use their data appropriately and ethically.Based on the findings, we outline a number of issues for consideration by higher education institutions, such as the need for transparency (of purpose and scope), the provision of some element of student control, and an acknowledgment of the exchange value of information in the nexus of the privacy calculus.</p
82901987	The 1999 Marsokhod rover mission simulation at Silver Lake, California: Mission overview, data sets, and summary of results	We report on a field experiment held near Silver Lake playa in the Mojave Desert in February 1999 with the Marsokhod rover. The payload (Descent Imager, PanCam, Mini-TES, and Robotic Arm Camera), data volumes, and data transmission/receipt windows simulated those planned for the Mars Surveyor mission selected for 2001. A central mast with a pan and tilt platform at 150 cm height carried a high-resolution color stereo imager to simulate the PanCam and a visible/near-infrared fiberoptic spectrometer (operating range 0.35-2.5 m). Monochrome stereo navigation cameras were mounted on the mast and the front and rear of the rover near the wheels. A field portable infrared spectroradiometer (operating range 8-14 m) simulated the Mini-TES. A Robotic Arm Camera, capable of close-up color imaging at 23 m/pixel resolution, was used in conjunction with the excavation of a trench into the subsurface. The science team was also provided with simulated images from the Mars Descent Imager and orbital panchromatic and multispectral imaging of the site obtained with the French SPOT, airborne Thermal Infrared Mapping Spectrometer, and Landsat Thematic Mapper instruments. Commands sequences were programmed and sent daily to the rover, and data returned were limited to 40 Mbits per communication cycle. During the simulated mission, 12 commands were uplinked to the rover, it traversed 90 m, six sites were analyzed, 11 samples were collected for laboratory analysis, and over 5 Gbits of data were collected. Twenty-two scientists, unfamiliar with the location of the field site, participated in the science mission from a variety of locations, accessing data via the World Wide Web. Remote science interpretations were compared with ground truth from the field and laboratory analysis of collected samples. Using this payload and mission approach, the science team synergistically interpreted orbital imaging and infrared spectroscopy, descent imaging, rover-based imaging, infrared spectroscopy, and microscopic imaging to deduce a consistent and largely correct interpretation of the geology, mineralogy, stratigraphy, and exobiology of the site. Use of imaging combined with infrared spectroscopy allowed source outcrops to be identified for local rocks on an alluvial fan. Different lithologies were distinguished both near the rover and at distances of hundreds of meters or more. Subtle differences such as a contact between dolomite and calcite were identified at a distance of 0.5 km. A biomarker for endolithic microbiota, a plausible life form to be found on Mars, was successfully identified. Microscopic imaging of soils extracted from the surface and subsurface allowed the mineralogy and fluvial history of the trench site to be deduced. The scientific productivity of this simulation shows that this payload and mission approach has high science value and would contribute substantially to achieving the goals of Mars exploration
82901986	A Heat flow and physical properties package for the surface of Mercury	European Space Agencies fifth cornerstone mission BepiColombo includes a ‘Surface Element’ to land a scientific payload on the surface of Mercury. The current strawman payload includes a heat flow and physical properties package (HP3), focussing on key thermal and mechanical properties of the near-surface material (down to a depth of 2–5 m) and the measurement of heat flow from Mercury's interior, an important constraining parameter for models of the planet's interior and evolution. We present here an overview of the HP3 experiment package and its possible accommodation in a self-inserting ‘mole’ device. A mole is considered to be the most appropriate deployment method for HP3, at least in the currently-assumed case of an airbag-assisted soft landing architecture for the Mercury Surface Element
161396580	Sonia Khurana: The Contemporary Art of Relationality	None
195353948	Digital literacy and open educational practice: DigiLit Leicester	DigiLit Leicester was an award-winning project that ran as collaboration between Leicester City Council’s Building Schools for the Future (BSF) Programme, De Montfort University and 23 of the city’s secondary mainstream and SEN schools from 2012-2016. The project focused on supporting secondary school  teaching and teaching support staff in developing their digital literacy knowledge, skills and practice, and their effective use of digital tools, environments and approaches in their work with learners. This chapter introduces the project, highlighting the new and innovative approach taken, and discussing lessons learned. Additionally, the project commitment to open educational practice is discussed with regard to design, delivery and evaluation. This commitment was explicitly taken to enhance accessibility and sustainability in terms of the project community, and to support broader public value
586542123	To what extent did industrial expansion influenced by the Penrhyn family during the nineteenth century support the growth of the middle class in Gwynedd?	None
586542091	Ceropegia armandii : a remarkable dimorphic Madagascan endemic	Madagascar is home to about 20 succulent species of Ceropegia of which all but one is endemic to the island. The most remarkable of these are the 10 species with two distinct growth forms and hence are referred to as being dimorphic. The stem segments of the vegetative phase of growth are mostly creeping but when the plants switch to the reproductive phase the growth form changes completely and the stems become thin, round, wiry, twining, growing up to several metres in length. These species have been classified as Ceropegia section Dimorpha.Ceropegia armandii was named by Werner Rauh in commemoration of Armand Ratokazafy who first found it. This species is currently still only known from its type locality in southwest Madagascar.The growth and flowering of this species in cultivation is described and illustrated. The vegetative phase has an underground tuber with creeping very succulent stems. The longest of the two synflorescences grew to be about 1.9m long with very thin and wiry stems. Along the length of these stems individual inflorescences were produced. Individual flowers are small, just under 2cm long with a rounded, bulbous base and narrow pale corolla lobes fused at their tips and hence are typical of the “lantern flower” of a Ceropegia
155776638	Family relationships and troubled masculinities: the experience of young men in contact with care and welfare services	This chapter draws on the findings of a study exploring gender ­identities and practices in work with young men using social care services to present an account of young men's family relationships that resists the reductive generalisations that, we would argue, characterise much current debate. It discusses the broader implications for an understanding of the lives of vulnerable boys and young men. Moreover, for some young men, the continuity of family ties, and in some cases starting new families of their own, formed an important part of how they envisaged their futures. Troubled or disrupted family relationships have often been a key factor in the problems that young men have faced growing up. The relationships that vulnerable or 'at risk' young men have with their fathers are often deeply ambivalent, while in many cases mothers and grandmothers play a vital stabilising role in young men's lives
82901939	Clientelism in the building of state and civil society in Spain	About the book: This book charts the evolution of clientelist practices in several western European countries. Through the historical and comparative analysis of countries as diverse as Sweden and Greece, England and Spain, France and Italy, Iceland and the Netherlands, the authors study both the ‘supply-side’ - the institutional context in which party leaders devise and implement their political strategies - and the ‘demand-side’ - the degree of ‘empowerment’ of civil society - of clientelism. This approach contends that clientelism is a particular mix of particularism and universalism, in which interests are aggregated at the level of the individual and his family ‘particularism’, but in which all interests can potentially find expression and accommodation ‘universalism’. In contrast, ‘consociationalism’ and ‘corporatism’ are systems of interest representation in which interests are aggregated at the level of ‘social pillar’ or the functional association ‘universalism’, but in which not all interests can find representation and accommodation ‘particularism’.• Presents clientelism and patronage as political strategies • Applies a historical /comparative approach to Western Europe • Engages the past and future of democratic interests representation
82901881	The Role of the Parrot in Selected Texts from Ovid to Jean Rhys: Telling a Story from an Alternative Viewpoint	This book features the efforts of a group of academics from diverse disciplines that have been working together to highlight the presence of the parrot in selected texts across the centuries. Their common purpose is to demonstrate that fictional parrots invariably function as more than decoration, comedy or badges denoting the eccentricity of their human owners. These versatile and talented birds function as markers for subtle literary techniques. Using the parrot as an interpretative tool the focus is on a range of narrative strategies and metaphorical meanings employed by the authors in question and argue that these are embodied in the attributes of the speaking bird who figures significantly in each work
82901895	From one-off events to learning systems and communities of practice	This paper considers some of the challenges and skills involved in designing and facilitating events such as workshops, meetings and conferences as part of learning systems and Communities of Practice.  It focuses mainly on processes of learning that involve interaction rather than on solitary activity, although acknowledges the relationships between individual and group levels.  Three exampls from the author's experience are presented, two from the contexts of environmental decision-making and rural change in the UK and one from direct involvement in an event that focused on Communities of Practice (CoPs) at international level.  Three inter-related areas of challenge for learning system design emerged from this enquiry and are discussed.  These areas are distribution with respect to cognition and communities; the need to take account of different systems of interest, timeframes and purposes; and the need for continuity in dialogue to support the learning of both individuals and groups
82902015	Deleterious effects of a cafeteria diet on the livers of non-obese rats	Rats were fed from weaning on three diets. Those fed a cafeteria diet had livers that were enlarged and abnormal by visual inspection. The rats themselves appeared healthy, had a normal growth rate and were not significantly different in weight from control animals. Histological examination revealed the livers of these rats to be rich in lipids and glycogen. Liver function tests showed a depressed level of alanine transaminase and an abnormal HDL: LDL. Dietary lipids generate free radicals which can interact with, and damage, DNA. However, when DNA was extracted from the livers and examined for the presence of the adduct M1-dG, there were no significant differences in adduct levels in livers from animals fed any of the diets. We conclude that the cafeteria diet can have long term adverse effects on liver function even though overt measures of health may be unimpaired, body mass maintained within normal limits, and liver DNA not adversely affected
82901810	Introduction	A new introduction to this classic novel [The Lonely Londoners by Sam Selvon] of black immigration to Britain to mark 50 year anniversary of its publication. First time appearance as a Penguin Modern Classic. Novel has had much influence on postcolonial and Caribbean/Black-British studies. The introduction sets up Sam Selvon as a major black modernist who has had enormous influence on a whole generation of contemporary, not just black writers
82901914	A Reference model for Requirements Engineering	The reference model of Gunter et al, 2000, provides a framework for describing and analyzing key software engineering artifacts and their properties. We propose a reification of this framework in which behaviour is explicitly trace-based. We find that this benefits the formalism in adding structure in ways which are meaningful and practical from an engineering viewpoint. In particular, we develop notions of points of introduction and reachability in the new framework, and show how they strengthen the properties of the reference model
82901826	Indigenous diasporas and dislocations	Indigenous religions are now present not only in their places of origin but globally. They are significant parts of the pluralism and diversity of the contemporary world, especially when their performance enriches and/or challenges host populations. Indigenous Diasporas and Dislocations engages with examples of communities with different experiences, expectations and evaluations of diaspora life. It contributes significantly to debates about indigenous cultures and religions, and to understandings of identity and alterity in late or post-modernity. This book promises to enrich understanding of indigenity, and of the globalized world in which indigenous people play diverse roles
467106896	[Book review] Stephanie N. Arel and Dan R. Stiver, eds. Ideology and Utopia in the Twenty-First Century: The Surplus of Meaning in Ricoeur's Dialectical Concept	None
478919690	Reaching the public through iSpot: your place to share nature (Case Study 8.5)	This case study introduces iSpot and highlights examples and initiatives implemented to engage anyone interested in nature. It outlines what iSpot does and how it works; achievements, impact and public responses so far. The book 'Science Communication: a practical guide for scientists' presents the history of science communication alongside ideas, inspiration, and practical advice for designing and delivering effective science communication activities and events
541053573	Exchange Structure: Refinements to the model through a study of multiparty discourse of 4 to 5 year-old children	This paper proposes a number of refinements to the original theory of Exchange Structure as first conceived. It first offers a summary of the early ideas and considers challenges made by others. The study responds to these challenges through new analysis of multiparty discourse. The paper discusses revisions to the model based on these challenges drawing on the iterative analysis conducted and considers other points relevant to multiparty discourse. The data is drawn from transcribed video recordings of small groups of 4 to 5 year-old children’s peer-led dialogic interactions as they engage in role-play. In addition to the development of Exchange Structure theory, this new analysis sheds light on the nature of negotiation within multiparty discourse and the dynamics of negotiation by young children in this playful context
478547528	Participatory Sensing: Recruiting Bipedal Platforms or Building Issue-centred Projects?	This paper raises questions about the way in which participation and recruitment are framed within participatory sensing. The text outlines a number of assumptions of participatory sensing and using a case study, examines the impacts of these assumptions on the practices of participatory sensing. The case study involves a mobile phone app that monitors ambient sound levels and creates noise maps. The study describes the conceptual and practical challenges of recruiting people and the need for an issue-centred campaign that encases the app inside a wider framework of local environmental issues. Based on observations from the case study, the paper proposes a pragmatic approach to sensing that focuses on designing sensing assemblages that support local issues of public concern. The paper argues that an issue-centred approach enables sensing that allows both machines and humans to participate in an equitable way that maximises their unique sensing abilities
591806900	How negative perceptions of social workers are reinforced in the media	None
492010998	Challenging Choices in Pregnancy and Childbirth: Results from a Meta-Ethnographic Review of the Literature	Informed choice is the cornerstone of contemporary maternity care within the UK and contributes to safe physical and psychological maternity care. Some women decline all or part of their maternity care and make choices and decisions considered ‘non-normative’. The results of this review demonstrate a gap in existing knowledge which supports the need for future research. A wider approach is needed to understanding how, why and what the underlying social and other processes underpinning there are
591441747	Institutional Analysis	None
479296225	Mental health and wellbeing on the athlete's journey	None
467106852	Kepler K2 Campaign 9 – I. Candidate short-duration events from the first space-based survey for planetary microlensing	We present the first short-duration candidate microlensing events from the Kepler K2 mission. From late April to early July 2016, Campaign 9 of K2 obtained high temporal cadence observations over a 3.7 deg2 region of the Galactic bulge. Its primary objectives were to look for evidence of a free-floating planet (FFP) population using microlensing, and demonstrate the feasibility of space-based planetary microlensing surveys. Though Kepler K2 is far from optimal for microlensing, the recently developed mcpm photometric pipeline enables us to identify and model microlensing events. We describe our blind event-selection pipeline in detail and use it to recover 22 short-duration events with effective time-scales teff eff Kepler was not designed for crowded-field photometry, the K2C9 data set clearly demonstrates the feasibility of conducting blind space-based microlensing surveys towards the Galactic bulge
155776644	Literary translation and imaginative resistance	None
467106823	Making sense of online discussions: can automated reports help?	Enabling healthier online deliberation around issues of public concerns is an increasingly vital challenge in nowadays society. Two fundamental components of a healthier deliberation are: i. the capability of people to make sense of what they read, so that their contribution can be relevant; and ii. the improvement of the overall quality of the debate, so that noise can be reduced and useful signals can inform collective decision making. Platform designers often resort to computational aids to improve these two processes. In this paper, we examine automated reporting as promising mean of improving sensemaking in discussion platforms. We compared three approaches to automated reporting: an abstractive summariser, a template report and an argumentation highlighting system. We then evaluated improvements in sensemaking of participants and the perception on overall quality of the debate. The study suggests that argument mining technologies are particularly promising computational aids to improve sense making and perceived quality of online discussion, thanks to their capability to combine computational models for automated reasoning with users’ cognitive needs and expectation of automated reporting
553630824	Hamlet: Date and Early Afterlife	Echoes of Hamlet are present in two plays of winter 1599/1600: Antonio and Mellida and Lust's Dominion. Correspondences between Hamlet and each of these plays are too strong to be coincidental, and they offer clear evidence of direction. The comic genre of Antonio and Mellida, and the existence of distinctive material shared by Hamlet and both Antonio plays, makes the prospect of a common source for these plays (such as the lost ur‐Hamlet) an improbable hypothesis. The evidence for the dates of the debtor plays is powerful. The permeation of their texts by Hamlet's lines is so widespread that a possible influence in the course of any revisions subsequent to 1599/1600 may be discounted. If the arguments outlined above are sound, then we must accept a Shakespearian Hamlet composed by the end of 1599. This is not inconsistent with other evidence for Hamlet's date. The suggested date offers a sharpened context for Hamlet's inception, and—as context confers meaning—invites a clearer understanding of the tragedy. The evidence of indebtedness, if valid, itself constitutes the play's immediate surviving afterlife
553630836	Objets préverbaux dans des constructions transitives en espagnol andin : une analyse plurifactorielle	Les énoncés transitifs ayant un objet en position préverbale dans les variétés d’espagnol andin constituent un phénomène de variation largement traité dans la littérature de la linguistique hispanique. De nombreux travaux suggèrent qu’ils sont le résultat de la convergence linguistique entre le quichua –langue SOV– et l’espagnol –langue SVO– (Haboud 1998; Palacios Alcaine 2005b). D’autres suggèrent que les effets de la pragmatique et de la structure de l’information de l’espagnol andin sont les mêmes que dans toutes les variétés d’espagnol (Muysken  1984), ou encore que le transfert de propriétés se fait uniquement au niveau pragmatique et discursif (Muntendam 2013). Dans cet article, à partir d’un corpus de pratiques langagières socialement situées, je fais l’hypothèse que les énoncés de type OV sont le résultat de l’interaction de plusieurs facteurs de causation à la fois internes, externes, mais aussi relevant du contact. Ce dernier agirait comme un « effet boule de neige » (Thomason 2001) en synchronie qui renforce indirectement leur production dans les variétés andines
82904095	Combining reflective logs with electronic networks for professional development among distance education tutors	The provision of a professional development programme for distance tutors can be problematic because of the need for flexibility to cater for a variety of working practices, or to overcome the hurdles imposed by geographical remoteness. At the UK Open University, online networks are widely in use for teaching and learning, and we are actively exploring their potential for professional development. This paper describes the Supporting Open Learners in A Changing Environment project, which has piloted a reflective approach to professional development using a log to structure reflection, which is then shared with others in a computer conference. Our evaluation of tutors' perspectives of the project indicated that all participants found the experience stimulating and helpful for identifying and sharing issues of student support, although some found the process unexpectedly time consuming. We believe there is considerable potential for such an approach to networked reflection among distance tutors, provided the issue of tutor time can be addressed
369424230	Gender Lens Investing in the African Context	African women face serious constraints in obtaining credit, cultivating business networks, when dealing with cultural norms that favor men, and with gender-neutral policies. This has led to calls for breaking stereotypes of women as survivalist entrepreneurs through Gender Lens Investing (GLI) initiatives. This chapter investigates the practice of GLI by analyzing how Fund managers draw on the gender lens narrative to break down gender stereotypes through the provision of microcredit, to develop women entrepreneurs’ agency, and attract investments. Through the analysis of the gender lens narrative of Impact Investing Funds in Africa and two in-depth case studies of microfinance organizations in Ghana and Cameroon, this chapter reveals explicit and implicit GLI strategies for investing in women-owned businesses in resource-scarce contexts and adds to the sustainable finance research by analyzing the application of GLI in Africa. The cases highlight important policy and practice implications facing gender lens investors seeking to address the persistent gender inequalities in access to entrepreneurial finance
82900947	The future of inter-organisational system linkages: findings of an International Delphi Study	To perform effectively in markets that are becoming increasingly turbulent and volatile, organisations should form information system linkages with their business partners. This study seeks to produce a 'vision' for the future of such linkages. A number of recent developments in information systems and technology (IS/IT) appear to promise the ability to make improvements in this domain. These are electronic hubs, web services, widespread adoption of common enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems and enterprise portals. This study, which is carried out by means of the Delphi technique, explores the expected future role and use of these information systems. The expert participants in the study believe that the focus of enterprise systems is shifting from an internal to an external orientation. They suggest that ERP systems may be reaching a structural limit concerning their capabilities and adjunct technologies will be required to integrate multiple inter-organisational operations. The participants expect that the three other systems and technologies considered can provide those necessary adjunct technologies, either used singly, or more likely in combination. Finally, we find that the transition to a greater external orientation is expected to include an extension in the types of organisations that will be integrated electronically into networks
82920841	Was Commedia dell'arte performed by mountebanks? Album amicorum illustrations and Thomas Platter's description of 1598	Explores mountebank performativity and the overlap between quack and commedia dell'arte activity with reference to Thomas Platter's description of performances of 1598 in Avignon, by Zan Bragetta's commedia dell'arte quack troupe, and illustrations in early modern German alba amicorum, or friendship albums
237022555	Mind the Billboards: International Aid Conquering the Public Space in Burundi	This two-part blog series will examine the prominence of aid billboards in Burundi and analyse how these billboards produce colonial continuities, which in turn shape the public space and public authority in Burundi. In the first article, Astrid Jamar discusses how these billboards and their colonial nature dominate the public space. Along with symbols of the regime, their physical presence in Burundian streets illustrate how paternalism and authoritarianism simultaneously shape public authority
568120165	Thriving in Part-Time Doctoral Study: Integrating Work, Life and Research	Thriving in Part-Time Doctoral Study is a practical guide, designed to support part-time doctoral researchers in navigating their learning experience and providing them with the tools they need to succeed in academia, alongside the work and life challenges they may be facing. Featuring eight highly practical chapters, this book covers every aspect of the part-time doctoral journey from initial planning right through to completion.Easy to dip in and out of with realistic advice, learning points and reflective activities based on real experiences, this book:● Reflects a diversity of voices across academic disciplines● Features real-world examples from doctoral researchers● Can be referred to throughout the doctoral journeyThis key resource will support the reader in considering how best to access and draw on the communities of support available, get the most from a supervisory team, and build professional networks. It recognises that each student’s learning pathway is different and offers support to allow each individual to take control and make it their part-time doctorate
82900889	Knowing your limits: organization studies and discourse analytic technologies	Since the early 1990s there has been an explosion in the use of discourse analysis in management studies.  Whilst the notion of discourse has seduced many a qualitative researcher it is also acknowledged that this field of study is fraught with methodological and epistemological problems.  Loose definition, diversity and richness constitute the field, and its territory has only recently been mapped in any systematic sense (Keenoy, Oswick and Grant, 1997; Alvesson and Karreman, 2000)
84342333	The effects of minor closed head injury upon memory	None
237022647	Disattending Customer Dissatisfaction on Facebook: A Case Study of a Slovenian Public Transport Company	In an increasingly mobile and social world, the marketing battle is going digital. A good example was advertising for the 2014 Brazil World Cup.1 Traditional media sectors, including TV and radio, enjoyed their usual advertising revenue but the real winners, in terms of direction of marketing resources and effort, were social media such as Twitter, You Tube and Facebook
82900808	Punishing parents for the crimes of their children	In recent years there has been a profusion of laws that punish parents for their children's offences. These parental responsibility laws are based on the assumption that parents of children who offend have not accepted their responsibility and that they can be made to do so by the imposition of court orders and financial penalties. In this article I will examine the efficacy of punishing parents for the crimes of their children. I will consider whether parental responsibility laws are an effective means of tackling youth crime; or should policies that strengthen the family and improve parenting skills be pursued as strategies for preventing juvenile offending behaviour
82900879	Local knowledge and the strategy of constructing advantage: the role of community alliances	Economic growth is local. Communities drive the prosperity of nations. They attract and retain foreign direct investment and creative, talented, people. Institutions are key, from government labs, firms (small and large), universities, agencies providing community services – including safe schools, health services, athletic facilities such as running and biking tracks – and so on. This paper takes these observations, moves conceptually beyond Ricardian ''comparative advantage'' and neo-Porterian ''competitive advantage'' and – using new information from a number of cities – develops the notion of ''constructed advantage''
82900811	The Youth Justice System in England and Wales: complying with international Human Rights law	None
237022630	Interactional closeness in service calls to Montevidean carer service company	In this article, I explore aspects of the interactional behavior of Uruguayans in nonemergency service calls to a "carer service company," an institutional context characteristic of contemporary Uruguay. I do so by presenting an overview of the recurrent features found in the openings of calls where a client's next of kin phones a carer service company to a request a carer on behalf of the client. In the first part of the article, I examine the structure of the openings in the light of previous research carried out in this area on English service calls and on an analysis of a small sample of Uruguayan ordinary calls. The findings reveal that they unfold in distinguishable sequences, namely, summons-answer, identification-recognition, and the reason for the call. In this respect, they show a similar pattern to that identified in English service calls. However, unlike English service calls and the Uruguayan ordinary calls examined here, the service calls of this study exhibit a high incidence of greetings and self-identification by the call taker during the initial sequences. In the second part of the article, I investigate the pragmatic function(s) of these verbal elements within the turns of the openings. Specifically, I provide an analysis of greetings and self-identification given that, strictly speaking, they are unnecessary for the transaction to be achieved. The results indicate that their presence shows an orientation toward interactional closeness in transactional calls between conversational participants who are not familiar with each other. The observed interactional closeness in otherwise neutral/formal institutional talk is explained by the participants' orientation toward association or interdependence and by the callers' strategic aim of ensuring a good service given the general quality of services offered by the company and the level of consumer rights in Uruguay
84342357	Concreteness and imageability	Previous research has shown that the positive effect of imageability upon recall is confined to abstract items. In Experiment I it was found that imageability would affect the recall of concrete items if subjects were instructed to use imagery in their memorizing. This suggested that imagery is not usually employed in remembering concrete items. In Experiment II subjects were asked to categorize items on the basis of their meaning. A majority showed sorting related to the concreteness of the items, but very few showed sorting related to imageability. In Experiment III it was found that the concreteness of an item correlated with the time taken to produce a free associate to it, but that its imageability did not. It was concluded that concreteness is a feature of lexical organization, and not a measure of the image-arousing quality of verbal material
131316757	Financial repression and liability of foreignness in developing countries	Using non-parametric Data Envelopment Analysis, this paper suggests that the era of financial repression in developing countries, by providing policy-induced competitive advantages to domestic banks, may create liability of foreignness for foreign banks that impeded their resource utilization. Implementation of financial liberalization programme, which endeavours to create a more market-oriented financial sector, may enable foreign banks to overcome the liability of foreignness and enhance their resource utilization
84342407	Synthesis of multi-functional fluorescent labels for glycan analysis	None
571618885	The importance of Phobos simulants: a review on our current knowledge	Phobos, a satellite of Mars, was successfully studied by flyby, orbiter, and landing missions to the Red Planet, but several questions remain about its origin, composition, and relationship to Mars. It is suggested that Phobos is either a captured body from the asteroid belt or the outer Solar System (capture scenario), or a consequence of re-accreted ejecta from Mars (in situ formation/giant impact). So far, Phobos has been characterized by its two spectral units - blue and red - with different compositional restrains. The red unit represents most of the surface, while the blue unit is focused on the Stickney crater and surroundings. In the absence of samples returned from this satellite, simulant regolith must be studied to infer various proprieties, and complement in situ studies. To date, there are three simulants of this satellite: Phobos-1C, Phobos Captured Asteroid-1 (PCA-1), and Phobos Giant Impact-1 (PGI-1). Since Phobos may have a Mars-like composition, terrestrial analogues of Mars should also be analysed. The data retrieved from the various assays performed with these planetary field analogues may be used as a database to complement future space missions to Phobos, but, ultimately, the composition of Phobos will have to be analysed by a sample-return mission
82909223	Trajectories of green political theory	This special feature is framed by the conviction that developments in green political theory have much to teach those who toil in other sub-fields of political theory, and indeed other disciplines. Befitting a journal called Contemporary Political Theory, we wanted to try to capture some key threads in green theory and to trace core lines of its development. Readers will find much here to challenge received wisdom, unsettle assumptions and exemplify green political theory's rich diversit
287599250	Electron- and photon-impact ionization of furfural	The He(i) photoelectron spectrum of furfural has been investigated, with its vibrational structure assigned for the first time. The ground and excited ionized states are assigned through ab initio calculations performed at the outer-valence Green’s function level. Triple differential cross sections (TDCSs) for electron-impact ionization of the unresolved combination of the 4a″  +  21a′ highest and next-highest occupied molecular orbitals have also been obtained. Experimental TDCSs are recorded in a combination of asymmetric coplanar and doubly symmetric coplanar kinematics. The experimental TDCSs are compared to theoretical calculations, obtained within a molecular 3-body distorted wave framework that employed either an orientation average or proper TDCS average. The proper average calculations suggest that they may resolve some of the discrepancies regarding the angular distributions of the TDCS, when compared to calculations employing the orbital average
82911037	Double and single-bisection methods for subjective probability assessment in a location-scale family	A common problem is to determine by an elicitation process the parameters of a subjective distribution in a location-scale family. One method is to elicit assessments of the median and one other quartile, equate the assessed median to the location parameter, and estimate the scale from the difference. In a second method, all three quartiles are elicited and then the scale is estimated from the interquartile range. With either method, the location and scale estimates are not made independently. These methods are here studied by introducing probability models for the elicitation process itself. It is shown that the second (full-quartiles) method has important advantages not held by the first
523283202	Piezoelectric biosensors for biorecognition analysis: Application to the kinetic study of HIV-1 Vif protein binding to recombinant antibodies	In this work three piezoelectric sensors modified with anti-HIV-1 Vif (virion infectivity factor) single fragment antibodies (4BL scFV), single domains (VH) and camelized single domains (VHD) were constructed and used to detect HIV1 Vif in liquid samples. Dithio-bis-succinimidyl-undecanoate (DSU) and 11-hydroxy-1-undecanethiol (HUT) mixed self assembled monolayers (SAM) were generated at the sensors surface onto which the antibodies were immobilized. All sensors detected specifically the target HIV1-Vif antigen in solution and no unspecific binding was monitored. Impedance analysis was performed to quantify electroacoustic and viscoelastic interferences during antibody immobilization and antigen recognition. The elimination of such interferences enabled the quantitative use of the piezoelectric immunosensors to estimate the antibody surface density as well as antigen binding and equilibrium constants. In spite of the possible limitation regarding mass transport and other related molecular phenomena, which were not considered in the binding model used, this work demonstrates the usefulness of piezoelectric biosensors in biorecognition analysis and evidences the advantages on using simultaneous impedance analysis to bring analytical significance to measured data, and thus to improve piezoelectric sensors sensitivity and applicability
143477096	Embedding Information and Communication Technologies into the 21st Century Curriculum	Embedding information and communication technologies (ICT) within learning and teaching programmes offers the potential to enrich learning by promoting networking and the collaborative construction of knowledge. This is especially important for professionals working within disciplines such as Architecture in which ICT is used within the design process. This article aims to outline some advantages and limitations experienced when developing an online "CPD Learning Zone" for Architects through an accredited staff development programme. Issues are discussed from the point of view of both a staff developer and a member of teaching staff. It will be of interest to staff developers as well as teaching staff proposing to develop similar online courses
82922777	Tectonic history and occurrence of 2.4 Ga mafic dyke swarms adjacent to Godavari Basin, Karimnagar, India	Proterozoic dyke swarms are exposed partly in granulitic terrain and partly in gneissic terrain and extend in a NE–SW direction near the Godavari Basin, Karimnagar area, Central India. The Karimnagar dyke swarm petrographically exhibits two groups such as fresh plagioclase and pyroxene phenocrystic dolerite dykes and altered non-phenocrystic gabbros. Dolerites show ophitic to sub-ophitic textures and gabbros are non-porphyritic and more altered. Geochemical data suggests that these dykes are tholeiitic in nature, range from basalt to basaltic andesite in composition. The rare earth element patterns show enrichment of light rare earth elements (25–60 times) and heavy rare earth elements show flat patterns (4–10 times) supporting the presence of two varieties within the dyke swarm. A laser probe 40Ar/39Ar study and Ar isotopic analyses suggest two magmatic emplacement ages at 2400 Ma and 2200 Ma which are present within the dyke swarm. Palaeomagnetic results reveal a characteristics remnant magnetization vector of Dm = 52.5, Im = –24.5 (K = 21.81, ?95 = 8.65Â°, N = 12) and supports the presence of two phases of dyke activity in the region
82971927	R&D, patents and stock return volatility	Recent finance literature highlights the role of technological change in increasing firm specific (idiosyncratic) and aggregate stock return volatility, yet innovation data is not used in these analyses, leaving the direct relationship between innovation and stock return volatility untested. The paper investigates the relationship between volatility and innovation using firm level patent data. The analysis builds on the empirical work by Mazzucato (2002; 2003) where it is found that stock return volatility is highest during periods in the industry life-cycle when innovation is the most ‘radical’. In this paper we ask whether firms which invest more in innovation (more R&D and more patents) and/or which have more important innovations (patents with more citations) experience more volatility in their returns.  Given that returns should in theory be higher, on average, for higher risk stocks, we also look at the effect of innovation on the level of returns. To take into account the competition between firms within industries, firm returns and volatility are measured relative to the industry average. We focus the analysis on firms in the pharmaceutical industry between 1974 and 1999. Results suggest that there is a positive and significant relationship between volatility, R&D intensity and the various patent related measures—especially when the innovation measures are filtered to distinguish the very innovative firms from the less innovate ones
598036621	The external examiner system: possible futures	The Higher Education Quality Council (HEQC) commissioned the Quality Support Centre (QSC) of the Open University to undertake a project on the present effectiveness and future of the British external examiner system. The project team consisted of Professor Harold Silver, Professor Anne Stennett, and Ruth Williams. The work of the project was overseen by a Steering Group chaired by Professor Gareth Roberts, Vice-Chancellor of the University of Sheffield. The project commenced in February 1994 and was completed in March 1995.The external examiner system has been seen as a key mechanism in British higher education for ensuring that standards are maintained and  comparable across higher education. The two main traditional roles of the external examiner have been:(i) to ensure that degrees awarded in similar subjects are comparable in standard across higher education institutions, and(ii) to ensure that students are dealt with fairly in the system of assessment and classification.However, recent changes in higher education have resulted in growing concerns about the way in which external examining now operates in a larger and more complex system of higher education. These changes have included:• substantial increases in student numbers;• a widespread introduction of modular programmes, semesters and other structural changes;• new patterns of assessing students;• new institutional and national quality assessment and assurance procedures.The increasing diversity of higher education and of institutional missions has also raised questions about the possibility of comparing standards and the contribution of the external examiner. The adoption of semesters and increased workloads have putfurther pressure on external examiners at times when they are expected to cope with increased workloads in their home institutions. All these changes are seen as having an adverse impact on the effectiveness of the external examiner system and many institutions have been reconsidering the roles of external examiners.The traditional purposes and roles of external examining have been greatly extended in some institutions and, given the increases in scale and complexity, the expectations have become more difficult to fulfil. As a result, it has become less clear whether or how external examiners assist in assuring coherent or consistent national standards. Indeed, there have been some recently expressed doubts whether the external examiner system as it now operates can continue to meet higher education quality assurance expectations or objectives
82920717	Understanding asynchronous teaching and learning dialogues	None
169435153	Music in fantasy pasts: neomedievalism and Game of Thrones	HBO’s Game of Thrones is one of the major successes in what critics have called a new golden age of television. Its vogueish brand of fantasy neomedievalism has caught the imagination of global audiences and generated renewed interest in historical subjects. Through the exploitation of changing viewing contexts and audiences, as well as new media technologies, Game of Thrones represents a new sort of television spectacle which rivals cinema in its scope, ambition, and immersivity. Music has been essential for the Game of Thrones brand, and its role in the new television landscape demands different perspectives. This chapter, then, explores how legacies of fantasy medievalism and evolving transmedia scoring practices in long-form television interact to reinvent and make history (albeit, of a fantastical sort) present in Game of Thrones
82923210	Three-dimensional synaptic ultrastructure in the dentate gyrus and hippocampal area CA3 in the Ts65Dn mouse model of down syndrome	Down syndrome (DS) results from trisomy of human chromosome 21. Ts65Dn mice are an established model for DS and show several phenotypes similar to those in people with DS. However, there is little data on the structural plasticity of synapses in the trisynaptic pathway in the hippocampus. Here we investigate three-dimensional (3D) ultrastructure of synapses in the hippocampus of age-matched control (2N) and Ts65Dn male mice. Serial ultrathin sections and 3D reconstructions characterize synapses in the middle molecular layer (MML) of dentate gyrus and in thorny excrescences (TEs) in proximal portions of apical dendrites of CA3 pyramidal neurons. 3D analysis of synapses shows phenotypes that distinguish Ts65Dn from 2N mice. For the MML, synapse density was reduced by 15% in Ts65Dn vs. 2N mice (P < 0.05). Comparative 3D analyses demonstrate a significant decrease in the number of thorns per TE in CA3 in Ts65Dn vs. 2N mice (by ∼45%, P = 0.01). Individual thorn volume was 3 times smaller in Ts65Dn vs. 2N mice (P = 0.02). A significant decrease in the number of thorn projections per TE in Ts65Dn vs. 2N mice was accompanied by a decrease of filopodium-like protrusions on the surface of TEs (P = 0.02). However, the volume of postsynaptic densities in CA3 Ts65Dn and 2N mice was unchanged (P = 0.78). Our findings suggest that the high degree of plasticity of CA3 thorns may be connected with their filopodial origin. Alterations of 3D synaptic structure in Ts65Dn mice may further contribute to the diminished plasticity in DS
82976647	Regina Jonas: forgetting and remembering the first female rabbi	Regina Jonas (1902–44), who was ordained in Germany in 1935, is now widely recognised as the world’s first female rabbi. However, for almost 50 years after her death at Auschwitz in 1944, she was given very little, if any, public recognition. Based on archival research, interviews and critical engagement with secondary literature, this paper investigates a range of explanations why Jonas was nearly lost to historiography. It also considers the circumstances of the rediscovery of this controversial figure in the early 1990s and explores how she is remembered today. This paper raises important issues in relation to historiography and the connection between processes of remembering, forgetting and identity formation, particularly in relation to the history of the ordination of female rabbis and the history of Jewish communities in Germany
82976624	Deti ako autori vlastnych kniziek na ipadoch: Hl'Adanie strednej cesty(Children as authors of their own iPad books: searching for a balance	V tomto článku opisujeme potenciál iPad aplikácikií ako spojit’ dve často diametrálne rozličné zámery akademického a pedagogického sveta ohl’adne technológií v predprimárnom vzdelávaní. V článku sa zameriavame na konkrétnu iPad aplikáciu Our Story, ako novú platformu a formu vlastno-ručne vyrobených knižiek. Príbehy vytvorenés Our Story sú zákonite multimodálne, otvorené a móžu byt’ tvorené a zdiel’ané v nových časových a priestorových dimenziách. Takéto príbehy tak znázorňujú úzke spojenie medzi formou a obsahom a rôznorodost’ možných ciest k písaniu a čitaniu. V závere vyzdvihujeme potrebu vyrovnaného pristupu ku detským príbehom vytvoreným s Our Story ako i k používaniu nových technológií.In this article we describe the potential of iPad apps to bring together two disparate academic and pedagogic agendas in relation to the use of new technologies in early childhood education. We discuss the affordances of a particular iPad app -Our Story-to offer a new platform for self-made stories and a new form of children's authorship. Stories made by children with Our Story are by default multimodal and open-ended and are ready to be created and shared across time and space boundaries. As such, the stories epitomise the intimate relationship between content and form and the multitude of possible ways into literacy. We conclude by highlighting the need for fostering a balanced approach when it comes to children's use of Our Story and new technologies more generally
598036564	Towards a systems-based framework for understanding the diffusion of technology: A case study of a modest technological innovation in the multi-agency context of policing	Technological innovation in policing is being given greater emphasis.  In public discourse about technology and policing, there is often a focus on large-scale projects that are known to fail, sometimes at significant cost.  The implementation of smaller innovations are often overlooked.  This thesis examines practice of innovation and adoption in the context of multi-agency working. The literature review in this thesis reveals that little is known about contexts where decision making does not rest with the police and exposes potential limitations in the use of diffusion and adoption frameworks/models.  The research question is: In the context of multi-agency diffusion and adoption of a technology to enhance policing, can systems thinking techniques enhance, or even replace, existing frameworks and models?This empirical research study looks at the adoption of a relatively simple technology that scans identification documents.  However, the decision to adopt and implement an ID scanner takes place within a complex setting.  Tracking an adoption decision requires understanding of the various actors and their roles.  The research includes 48 semi-structured interviews with police officers, premises owners and managers and other stakeholders involved in the decision to adopt an ID scanner.  Their perceptions of the history leading to an adoption decision, their own role and that of other key actors is examined.  Initial analysis takes place using spray diagrams and further analysis is made through the lenses of existing diffusion and adoption frameworks/models.  Subsequently systems thinking techniques are deployed and the additional insights they provide are highlighted.  This research finds that systems thinking can extend understanding of multi-agency diffusion and adoption decisions when compared with solely utilising existing frameworks/models.  Finally, the research proposes a systems-based framework for collaborative diffusion and adoption analysis
598036630	Selective Detection of Toxic C1 Chemicals Using a Hydroxylamine-Based Chemiresistive Sensor Array	Formaldehyde (FA) is a deleterious C1 pollutant commonly found in the interiors of modern buildings. C1 chemicals are generally more toxic than the corresponding C2 chemicals, but the selective discrimination of C1 and C2 chemicals using simple sensory systems is usually challenging. Here, we report the selective detection of FA vapor using a chemiresistive sensor array composed of modified hydroxylamine salts (MHAs, ArCH2ONH2·HCl) and single-walled carbon nanotubes (SWCNT). By screening 32 types of MHAs, we have identified an ideal sensor array that exhibits a characteristic response pattern for FA. Thus, trace FA (0.02–0.05 ppm in air) can be clearly discriminated from the corresponding C2 chemical, acetaldehyde (AA). This system has been extended to discriminate methanol (C1) from ethanol (C2) in combination with the catalytic conversion of these alcohols to their corresponding aldehydes. Our system offers portable and reliable chemical sensors that discriminate the subtle differences between C1 and C2 chemicals, enabling advanced environmental monitoring and healthcare applications
82976940	Exploring children's responses to interpersonal conflict using bubble dialogue in a mainstream and EBD school	This paper discusses an investigation of the use of a computer application, Bubble Dialogue, to construct a narrative which reflects the child's view of the world. In particular it reports on a comparative study of how a group of children with emotional and behavioural difficulties and children who  attend a mainstream school use Bubble Dialogue to express themselves and the strategies used by the  children to resolve interpersonal conflicts. The results show that both groups of children were able to  make good use of the thought/speech distinction which is a special feature of Bubble Dialogue, and  both groups made disclosures, but there were differences in the type of disclosures made. Analysis of conflict resolution strategies revealed that both groups could used a range of strategies but the pattern  of preference differed between the groups. In particular the children with emotional and behavioural difficulties issued more orders and resorted to physical aggression. It is suggested that Bubble Dialogue may therefore be a good tool for practitioners to use to reveal children's perspectives and also for the children themselves to rehearse more appropriate and effective conflict resolution strategie
599347099	Return Migration and Entrepreneurship: The Role of Highly Skilled Women in Nigeria's Technology Services Sector	This study explores the multifaceted roles and impacts of highly skilled female return migrant entrepreneurs within Nigeria's technology services sector. Leveraging my novel conceptual framework, the Returnee Entrepreneurship Intersectionality Model (REIM) – an integrated construct drawn from Human Capital Theory, Opportunity Entrepreneurship Theory, and Intersectionality Theory - the research uncovers how these entrepreneurs navigate the sector and shape the economic and sociocultural landscapes of their home country. I structured this study around four key objectives: to profile these women entrepreneurs, to unpack their motivations for initiating technology-based enterprises, to understand the influence of home conditions on their entrepreneurial activities, and to evaluate the broader implications of their ventures within Nigeria's technology sector (Ramachandran et al., 2019). Qualitative research methods, including digital ethnography, semi-structured interviews, and online data analysis, were employed to gather rich, nuanced data. Findings revealed these return migrants possessed diverse educational backgrounds and professional experiences, accrued both pre-migration and during their time abroad. Many of them leveraged these assets to launch businesses in response to identified market gaps or the desire to give back to their home country, thus displaying both opportunity-driven and a form of necessity-driven entrepreneurship. The study further revealed how their entrepreneurial activities were shaped by the socioeconomic and policy environment at home. Despite the occasional hurdles arising from entrenched gender norms, these women often turned challenges into opportunities, demonstrating resilience and creativity. Their impact on the Nigerian tech sector was multifaceted, introducing innovative products and services, creating jobs, and challenging traditional gender norms. However, measuring their broader impact on the economic performance and sociocultural dynamics of the tech sector proved complex due to factors such as the nascent nature of their presence, the size and scope of their enterprises, and the challenging operating environment. Despite some limitations, including the influence of the COVID-19 pandemic during data collection and constraints in generalizability, the study provides valuable insights into the experiences and impacts of highly skilled female return migrant entrepreneurs in Nigeria's technology services sector. It makes a unique contribution to the discourse on gender, return migrant entrepreneurship, and the tech sector, illuminating a rarely studied intersection of these themes, and in so doing, it generates several thought-provoking avenues for future research
228376973	Modelling Dynamic Interactions Between Relevance Dimensions	Relevance is an underlying concept in the field of Information Science and Retrieval. It is a cognitive notion consisting of several different criteria or dimensions. Theoretical models of relevance allude to interdependence between these dimensions, where their interaction and fusion leads to the final inference of relevance. We study the interaction between the relevance dimensions using the mathematical framework of Quantum Theory. It is considered a generalised framework to model decision making under uncertainty, involving multiple perspectives and influenced by context. Specifically, we conduct a user study by constructing the cognitive analogue of a famous experiment in Quantum Physics. The data is used to construct a complex-valued vector space model of the user’s cognitive state, which is used to explain incompatibility and interference between relevance dimensions. The implications of our findings to inform the design of Information Retrieval systems are also discussed
82911285	Understanding how water resources shape our flora	Water is one of the most important resources for plants. It controls and influences their diversity and distribution. Water availability in soil influences plants directly as a limiting resource, or indirectly by filling soil pore spaces and reducing oxygen supply, which limits plant root growth. Water regimes dictate different vegetation types and ecosystems. Global examples are the major world biomes, such as tropical rainforest, deserts or tundra. At this level, precipitation differences as a result of latitude and incoming solar radiation define which species prevail. At a regional level, plant communities are determined by precipitation differences associated with topographic features such as elevation
131316441	Anti-racist criminology?	In two of the dominant Western democracies, the USA and the UK, 2016 was heavily marked by racial politics. Few people would deny that race was a dominant feature of the 2016 US presidential election. A white challenger to a black incumbent was itself unprecedented, but the background was provided by the black Lives Matter campaign protesting at the fatal neglect of black communities in the US and the lethal violence of their policing. Donald Trump emerged triumphant on the back of what some commentators referred to as a ‘whitelash’. This chapter challenges criminology’s response to these circunstances and traces the way racism operates within the discipline. It argues for a renewal of anti-racism in criminological scholarship, and for new critical tools to be developed that can undo the work of race
82912434	Speaking our Minds: An Anthology of Personal Experiences of Mental Distress and its Consequences	This is an exciting new collection of writings by people who have experienced mental distress. It includes accounts of psychiatric treatment, psychotherapy and alternative treatments; life in mental institutions and moves into the community; self-help methods and work to improve mental health services. Moving, sometimes funny and often dramatic, the pieces are written by some of the key activists in the mental health survivors' movement, as well as by people best known as writers and poets and others who, for a period of time, have been caught up with mental distress and have something original to say
552802558	Advancing knowledge in public administration: why religion matters	This editorial makes the case that religion is a significant influence on public administration (PA) and religious factors should usefully be considered in researching PA, for purposes of both advancing knowledge and drawing practical implications. The starting point for our argument is the assumption that context does matter for PA, and religion is a neglected part of the context. Religion - broadly defined as a set of coherent answers to the core existential questions that confront any human group and pertain to the relationship of the human to the divine and their codification in creedal forms, and involving a ritual dimension and piety - is interwoven with social, cultural, political and adminstrative elements, which constitutes the context that affects PA in a given jurisdiction. Including religious factors in PA studies would therefore contribute to the advancement of the field
211273849	Complex Knowing: Promoting Response-Ability Within Music and Science Teacher Education	There are significant pressures within UK Initial Teacher Education (ITE) to maintain and reproduce notions of knowledge as fixed, universal and therefore ‘bankable’ through transfer or transmission. Such views, as embedded in educational structures, separate teachers from learners and learners from contexts. An interesting subset of this trend is the case of music and science education, both of which share in a tradition of materialist practice, where knowledge-making derives from the use of ‘instruments’. A representational view of knowledge in these subjects has historically privileged tradition, canon, and reification in music, while emphasising facts and theories as separate from values in science. While these representational views of knowledge have been contested by feminist theory, materialism, and complexity theory, there remain significant challenges in developing music and science student teachers who are response-able to a view of knowing as active, dynamic, emergent and entangled. This chapter explores the use of sensory learning tools and activities with two groups of music and science student teachers. Thinking with Donna Haraway (Staying with the trouble: Making kin in the chthulucene. Duke University Press, New York, 2016), we engage with the ‘trouble’ that such tools and activities create, both in terms of the students’ learning, the lecturers’ positioning and the socio-political contexts of such trouble within ITE
211273896	Child protection is everyone's business: safeguarding and child protection	The number and variety of international schools around the world is increasing at a remarkable rate. As it does so, the role of the teaching assistant in their classrooms is also undergoing change and expansion.TAs are increasingly recognised as a valuable resource. Where once the focus was on support tasks such as photocopying, tidying up and cleaning paint pots, increasingly the potential of TAs to support learning is being recognised and the role has developed into a diverse teaching and support position.Effective TAs impact on classroom engagement, classroom control, pastoral care, peer relationships, teachers stress levels, individual attention, positive approach to learning, and, ultimately, academic achievement.The reflections of the contributors in this book come from varying perspectives. All understand the realities of the TA role yet retain a spark of imagination and creativity about what might be possible. Case studies are included from TAs in a variety of schools, many affiliated to the Council of British International Schools
82912421	Ontology-driven geographical information retrieval	None
82912460	Developmental Psychology in Action	Developmental Psychology in Action looks at how psychologists contribute to the development and well-being of children in practical ways. The role of psychologists and psychological theory is considered with respect to specific topics which focus on child development in the context of social, educational and clinical issues. The chapters are authored by active researchers and practitioners in each field. Each chapter provides an introduction to the topic under discussion and aims to stimulate reflection and evaluation
552802632	[Book Review] Natura Urbana: Ecological Constellations in Urban Space by Matthew Gandy. Cambridge, MA: The MIT Press, 2022	None
82977031	Estimating daytime ecosystem respiration from eddy-flux data	To understand what governs the patterns of net ecosystem exchange of CO2, an understanding of factors influencing the component fluxes, ecosystem respiration and gross primary production is needed. In the present paper, we introduce an alternative method for estimating daytime ecosystem respiration based on whole ecosystem fluxes from a linear regression of photosynthetic photon flux density data vs. daytime net ecosystem exchange data at forest ecosystem level. This method is based on the principles of the Kok-method applied at leaf level for estimating daytime respiration. We demonstrate the method with field data and provide a discussion of the limitations of the method
82912440	Communication, relationships and care: A Reader	Communication and relationships have become an increasing focus of attention in debates about the future of health and social care. People working in care services are being encouraged to improve communication processes, to develop more participatory relationships with service users, and to work more closely in partnership with other professionals. This Reader provides a comprehensive collection of literature that aims to enable those involved in care services, as workers, carers or service users, to reflect on their everyday interactions and to situate them in wider contexts. Including new material from the frontline of research and practice, as well as some classic readings, this wide-ranging volume emphasises the need to see interpersonal communication as embedded in relationships, and to take account of issues of power and diversity, as well as the emotional dimension of care work. Covering both health and social care, the Reader is divided into four sections, focusing on:* concepts and contexts* analysing aspects of communication* the person in the process* communication and relationships in organisations
552627938	Chiral DMAP derivatives utilising cation-pi interactions as asymmetric nucleophilic catalysts	None
578153282	[Book Review] Marxism, Religion, and Emancipatory Politics, edited by Graeme Kirkpatrick, Peter Mcmylor and Simin Fadaee	None
82984273	Risk and uncertainty in hydrometeorological hazards	None
327071032	Simulating the phase II metabolism of raloxifene on a screen-printed electrode	Raloxifene (RLX) is a selective estrogen receptor modulator widely used for the treatment of osteoporosis in post-menopause women. Toxicological in vitro studies suggested the reactivity of RLX through phase I metabolism. Herein, we describe a simple and inexpensive method for monitoring the reactive metabolism and detoxification of RLX by electrochemistry (EC) and mass spectrometry (MS). The phase I metabolite was synthesized electrochemically on a screen-printed electrode (SPE) and subsequently reacted with glutathione (GSH). The resulted GSH-adducts and GSH disulfides were characterized off-line by electrospray ionization (ESI)-MS
490818778	Smooth Operator: The Life and Times of Cyril Lakin, Editor, Broadcaster and Politician	From a humble background in Barry, where his father was a butcher and local politician in the formative years of the new town, Cyril Lakin studied at Oxford, survived the First World War, and went on to become a Fleet Street editor, radio presenter and war-time member of parliament. As literary editor of both the Daily Telegraph and the Sunday Times, Lakin was at the centre of a vibrant and radical generation of writers, poets and critics, many of whom he recruited as reviewers. He gained a parliamentary seat and served in the National Government during World War II.The different worlds he inhabited, from Wales to Westminster, and across class, profession and party, were facilitated by his relaxed disposition, convivial company, and ability to cultivate influential contacts. An effective talent-spotter and catalyst for new projects, he preferred pragmatism over ideology and non-partisanship in politics: a moderate Conservative for modern times
82977473	‘I’m pregnant … what am I going to do?’ An examination of value judgements and moral frameworks in teenage pregnancy decision making	Policy discussion of teenage sexual behaviour has been strongly influenced by a political agenda that characterises teenage pregnancy as a potential ‘risk’ of sexual activity. This presumed risk framework, however, depends upon an assumption of shared value judgements about the social undesirability of teenage parenthood, and the moral undesirability of teenage abortion. Drawing on three qualitative research projects undertaken in England between 2003 and 2009, this article looks at the complex processes of individual pregnancy decision making, in a context of competing values and moralities. It provides insights into, and understandings of, underlying tensions in the processes through which different degrees of personal autonomy may be experienced, and suggests that when autonomous decision making is compromised, often due to tensions in competing value systems, young women may experience ambivalence or regret about the decision they have made
82974639	Understanding segregation from the nineteenth to the twentieth century: redrawing boundaries and the problem of 'pollution'	[About the book]Drawing on new evidence, this book explores the history of learning disabilities through the voices of self advocates and leading researchers in the field. Topics include the history of learning disability nursing, the use of life stories in research, and the changing roles of voluntary organisation
82974551	Disparate lives or disparate deaths? Post-mortem treatment of the body and the articulation of difference	None
82908976	The post-yield behaviour of an internally pressurised cylinder having a pad attachment	A study of pressurised cylinders having attached pads was made. The possibility of a fatigue crack developing along one side of the pad was noted. For both defect-free components and components having axial crack-like defects, finite element and limited experimental studies of the local and global deformations were made and results were found to be in close agreement. Both welded and integrally machined pads were studied. It was observed that for defect-free components, the method of pad attachment has little effect on the burst pressure. The presence of a pad was found to increase the burst pressure of cracked components by a small but significant margin. A finite element-based parametric study of pipes with part-penetrating defects and a range of pad geometries has demonstrated that pad size has little influence on the limit load for any of the cracked cases considered. However, pipes with penetrating defects were strengthened by the presence of pads, particularly for thin-walled sections
599347086	A Case Study of the experiences of ethnic diversity in leadership in an Outdoor Education Centre	This small-scale exploratory case study in an Outdoor Centre investigates the experiences of people of colour in leadership in outdoor education. Eliciting voices with a qualitative methodology using one-to-one interviews and focus group discussion the study develops two research questions. These discover issues related to people of colour in leadership and how best opportunities to leadership are developed. Using inductive thematic analysis patterns emerged as thematic maps with six important themes; lack of diversity, self-limiting behaviours, access to environment, good role models, access to workplace and awareness. The conclusion creates understandings that shared responsibility is needed for future actions
599347122	Reflections on global educational technology.	None
82911378	Towards continuous 4D microgravity monitoring of volcanoes	Four-dimensional or time-lapse microgravity monitoring has been used effectively on volcanoes for decades to characterize the changes in subsurface volcanic systems. With measurements typically lasting from a few days to weeks and then repeated a year later, the spatial resolution of theses studies is often at the expense of temporal resolution and vice versa. Continuous gravity studies with one to two instruments operating for a short period of time (weeks to months) have shown enticing evidence of very rapid changes in the volcanic plumbing system (minutes to hours) and in one case precursory signals leading to eruptive activity were detected. The need for true multi-instrument networks is clear if we are to have both the temporal and spatial reso-lution needed for effective volcano monitoring. However, the high cost of these instruments is currently limiting the implementation of continuous microgravity networks. An interim approach to consider is the development of a collaborative network of researchers able to bring multiple instruments together at key volcanoes to investigate multitemporal physical changes in a few type volcanoes. However, to truly move forward, it is imperative that new low-cost instruments are developed to increase the number of instruments available at a single site. Only in this way can both the temporal and spatial integrity of monitoring be maintained. Integration of these instruments into a multiparameter network of continuously recording sensors is essential for effective volcano monitoring and hazard mitigation
82911405	Laboratory experiments on the weathering of iron meteorites and carbonaceous chondrites by iron-oxidizing bacteria	Batch culture experiments were performed to investigate the weathering of meteoritic material by iron-oxidizing bacteria. The aerobic, acidophilic iron oxidizer (A. ferrooxidans) was capable of oxidizing iron from both carbonaceous chondrites (Murchison and Cold Bokkeveld) andiron meteorites (York and Casas Grandes). Preliminary iron isotope results clearly show contrasted iron pathways during oxidation with and without bacteria suggesting that a biological role in meteorite weathering could be distinguished isotopically. Anaerobic iron-oxidizers growing under pH-neutral conditions oxidized iron from iron meteorites. These results show that rapid biologically mediated alteration of extraterrestrial materials can occur in both aerobic and anaerobic environments. These results also demonstrate that iron can act as a source of energy formicroorganisms from both iron and carbonaceous chondrites in aerobic and anaerobic conditions with implications for life on the early Earth and the possible use of microorganisms to extract minerals from asteroidal material
82976968	Two Kenyan sansevierias of Peter Bally	Peter Bally was a Swiss-born botanist who worked in Nairobi for a significant period of his life till his death in 1980. He named and described many East African succulents and is commemorated in the names of many, for example the stapeliad genus Ballyanthus (Apocynaceae). Amongst his numerous discoveries are two of the most desirable sansevierias for pot cultivation: S. pinguicula and S. ballyi
599347146	Examining the Challenges Faced by International Women with Preschool Children Studying for a Postgraduate Built Environment Degree in the UK	This article examines the academic experiences of five mid-career female international students who were parents of preschool children. These women were studying on a 1-year Built Environment master’s degree in the United Kingdom. We applied Tinto’s “sense of belonging” as a theoretical framework to interview women who were studying full time while caring for a preschool-age child or children. Results revealed stresses arising from balancing the academic demands of a 1-year full-time degree with childcare, compounded by a lack of appropriate support from the university. Although universities in general were viewed as offering a welcoming environment, this group of students often felt disappointed with their experience overall. Strategies for addressing identified barriers are proposed that contribute to widening existing university policies to address the specific needs of full-time international student parents
82911412	Momos advises Zeus: changing representations of ‘Cypria’ fragment 1	This paper investigates the importance of context for assessing fragment one of the ‘Cypria’, one of the poems belonging to an ‘Epic Cycle’ that – along with the Iliad and Odyssey – told the story of the war at Troy. With the exception of the Homeric epics, these poems come down to us in pieces, in the form of mutilated quotations, assorted testimonia and a later summary by Proclus, all of which, by offering brief glimpses of a wider epic world, tend to be mined for glossing the Homeric poems or else for reconstructing the ‘original’ lost narratives. This paper rejects the pursuit of an archetype in favour of tracing the changing representations of the ‘Cypria’ fragment one and exploring the impact of reception on its interpretation. It makes three claims: first, that, from what we can tell from fragment one itself, the ‘Cypria’ potentially belonged to a wider epic world that shared common terminology, themes and strategies with the Homeric poems; second, that the second-century AD summary of Proclus, by means of which the plot of the ‘Cypria’ has come down to us, critically recasts it in relation to, and at the service of, reading Homer; third, that the ‘D-scholion’ to the Iliad, which is our actual source for fragment one of the ‘Cypria’, already betrays the gravitational pull of the Homeric poems, around which the rest of the epic cycle comes to revolve
82976821	Attitudes to ICTs and approaches to studying in higher education	This article reviews the literature on the relationship between students’ attitudes to ICTs and the approaches to studying that they adopt on their programmes of study in higher education. There is a consistent finding that students who have more positive attitudes to ICTs are more likely to adopt desirable approaches to studying. This is true of younger and older students, and it is true both in face-to-face education and in distance education. The implication is that in both kinds of setting and whatever their age today’s students regard the use of ICTs as an integral part of their experience of higher education
82977047	Nietzsche’s critique of staticism: introduction to Nietzsche on Time and History	Why are we still intrigued by Nietzsche? This chapter argues that sustained interest stems from Nietzsche’s challenge to what we might call the ‘staticism’ inherent in our ordinary experience. Staticism can be defined, roughly speaking, as the view that the world is a collection of enduring, re-identifiable objects that change only very gradually and according to determinate laws. The chapter discusses Nietzsche’s rejection of the remnants of staticism in Hegel and Schopenhauer (1). It outlines why Nietzsche deems belief in any variant of the staticist picture as problematic (2); and examines Nietzsche’s adualistic-dialetheic stance towards, for example, first-person and third-person descriptions in the philosophy of mind (3). The chapter closes with a discussion of the contributions of "Nietzsche on Time and History"
483702895	Exploring online gaming use by young people in a paediatric setting: An ethnographic approach	None
82911625	Science, knowledge, values and forest policy	None
524782089	Online Science Education at Scale: Open and Distance Learning, MOOCS, and Other Learning Assets for Theory and Practice	In this chapter we examine what is meant by online distance learning. We consider briefly the history and refinement of the early correspondence course model, and outline the modern principles of learning design that ensure an enjoyable deep learning experience for students. We also consider the breadth of the distance learning audience and look at some of the barriers to learning that they may experience. The well-intentioned aspirations of truly open education, accessible to all, currently remain unfulfilled, but a good deal of progress has been made in that area. A range of learning offerings exist, from 30 and 60 CAT point long courses   (up to 1/2 of a year of full time study) through to short learning assets that can be studied in a few hours. We note the situations in which MOOCs (Massive Open Online Courses), SPOCs (Small Private Online Courses), BOCs (Badged Open Courses) and practical assets can supplement or replace traditional face-to-face teaching methods. We use a case study to illustrate the mechanics of producing a successful MOOC. We also describe the issues around teaching practical science online, and offer some examples of how this approach can not only be pedagogically successful but can also deliver a learning experience that students enjoy. In particular we point out the need for attention to detail during production, good quality assurance processes to ensure maximum accessibility, and the value of ongoing engagement with, and support of learners. These features enable the production and delivery of effective, deep and enjoyable learning
82911414	The main-sequence rotation-colour relation in the Coma Berenices open cluster	We present the results of a photometric survey of rotation rates in the Coma Berenices (Melotte 111) open cluster, using data obtained as part of the SuperWASP exoplanetary transit-search programme. The goal of the Coma survey was to measure precise rotation periods for main-sequence F, G and K dwarfs in this intermediate-age (∼600 Myr) cluster, and to determine the extent to which magnetic braking has caused the stellar spin periods to converge. We find a tight, almost linear relationship between rotation period and  J−K  colour with an rms scatter of only 2 per cent. The relation is similar to that seen among F, G and K stars in the Hyades. Such strong convergence can only be explained if angular momentum is not at present being transferred from a reservoir in the deep stellar interiors to the surface layers. We conclude that the coupling time-scale for angular momentum transport from a rapidly spinning radiative core to the outer convective zone must be substantially shorter than the cluster age, and that from the age of Coma onwards stars rotate effectively as solid bodies. The existence of a tight relationship between stellar mass and rotation period at a given age supports the use of stellar rotation period as an age indicator in F, G and K stars of Hyades age and older. We demonstrate that individual stellar ages can be determined within the Coma population with an internal precision of the order of 9 per cent (rms), using a standard magnetic braking law in which rotation period increases with the square root of stellar age. We find that a slight modification to the magnetic-braking power law,  P∝t0.56 , yields rotational and asteroseismological ages in good agreement for the Sun and other stars of solar age for which p-mode studies and photometric rotation periods have been publishe
524782132	Obstacles to Economic Reform in the GCC	None
82977058	An overview of learning analytics	Learning analytics, the analysis and representation of data about learners in order to improve learning, is a new lens through which teachers can understand education. It is rooted in the dramatic increase in the quantity of data about learners and linked to management approaches that focus on quantitative metrics, which are sometimes antithetical to an educational sense of teaching. However, learning analytics offers new routes for teachers to understand their students and, hence, to make effective use of their limited resources. This paper explores these issues and describes a series of examples of learning analytics to illustrate the potential. It argues that teachers can and should engage with learning analytics as a way of influencing the metrics agenda towards richer conceptions of learning and to improve their teaching
82977481	Developments of the off-plane x-ray grating spectrometer for IXO	The International X-ray Observatory (IXO) is a collaborative effort between NASA, ESA, and JAXA. The IXO science goals are heavily based on obtaining high quality X-ray spectra. In order to achieve this goal the science payload will incorporate an array of gratings for high resolution, high throughput spectroscopy at the lowest X-ray energies, 0.3 – 1.0 keV. The spectrometer will address a number of important astrophysical goals such as studying the dynamics of clusters of galaxies, determining how elements are created in the explosions of massive stars, and revealing most of the “normal” matter in the universe which is currently thought to be hidden in hot filaments of gas stretching between galaxies. We present here a mature design concept for an Off-Plane X-ray Grating Spectrometer (OP-XGS). This XGS concept has seen recent significant advancements in optical and mechanical design. We present here an analysis of how the baseline P-XGS design fulfills the IXO science requirements for the XGS and the optical and mechanical details of this design
524782115	Foreword [Diversity Matters Special]	None
82911944	Do demographics have an impact on country of origin effects?	The article discusses the potential impact of consumers' age, socioeconomic group, and sex on the magnitude of country of origin effects for lager and sparkling wine and presents the results of an empirical study into the subject. It is found that older consumers show stronger country of origin effects, which may be due to a generally stronger reliance of older people on broader mental categories, in order to compensate for a decrease in working memory. Socio-economic groups AB are found to show stronger country of origin effects for sparkling wine, whereas socio-economic groups C7C2 show stronger country oforigin effects for lager. This may be related to relative differences in consumption patterns and expertise for the studied products between the two groups. Sex is not found to have any impact on the magnitude of country of origin effects in this study
82977441	Combined use of SEVIRI and MODIS for detecting, measuring, and monitoring active lava flows at erupting volcanoes	Multispectral data acquired by Spinning Enhanced Visible and InfraRed Imager (SEVIRI) onboard the geostationary platform Meteosat Second Generation (MSG2), located at 0◦ longitude, were analyzed to assess the payload suitability for quantitative volcano monitoring. In times of good infrared transparency of the troposphere, SEVIRI data proved particularly suited to detect the onset of effusive eruptions and tomonitor the related lava flows with 15-min refresh rates. After development of a code allowing for fast automated processing of the 96 data streams downlinked daily by MSG2, thorough monitoring tests were carried out on the 2007 eruptions of Stromboli (Aeolian Islands, Italy) and Piton de la Fournaise (Reunion Island, France). The results in radiant flux and effusion rate provided by use of thermal, mid-, and short infrared bands of SEVIRI were validated by exploiting simultaneous MODIS overpasses by Terra and Aqua, up to four times daily
578729203	Sterculia MALVACEAE	A diagnostic description of the genus is given with special emphasis on the occurrence of succulence amongst its species. The geographical distribution is outlined, together with a selection of important literature, and an explanation of the etymology of the name. This is followed by a short summary of its position in the phylogeny of the family and of the past and present classification in a phylogenetic context. The succulent features present amongst the species of the genus are shortly explained as to morphology and anatomy.This is followed by a synoptical treatment of the succulent species of the genus, complete with typification details, full synonymy, geographical and ecological data, a diagnostic description, and, where applicable, notes on phylogenetic placement and relationships, as well as economic and/or horticultural importance
82976812	National support for design, the development of propositional models	Many governments around the world acknowledge the role and value of design and have formulated design policies that include national business support programs in design, and that invest in building the capacity of their design sectors. These policies, however, heavily depend on national political and economic contingencies, and thus are subject to change and revision with the advent of each new administration. The alternative-leaning more heavily on nongovernmental organizations and regional design bodies-has its benefits but would also be subject to economic and political turns of fate. This paper reports on an investigation of national design policies in the UK and South Korea and explores some alternative models for developing and implementing these policies. The authors, who hail from Brunel, Loughborough, and Lancaster universities, presented the models to roughly a dozen participants from the design communities in several nations. They found that although no single model was chosen by a majority of respondents, most felt that there had to be some government involvement and endorsement of the policy for it to achieve any success
327071043	A qualitative examination of affect and ideology within mass media interventions to increase HIV testing with gay men garnered from a systematic review	Objectives: Increasing appropriate HIV testing among men who have sex with men (MSM) is crucial to HIV prevention.  Mass media interventions are effective in promoting testing, but to date there has been little examination of their active content.Design: We conducted a qualitative analysis of intervention materials (n=69) derived from a systematic review of mass media interventions designed to improve testing with MSM.Methods: Visual data were analysed for their affective and ideological content using a novel method drawing on concepts from semiotics (i.e., broadly speaking, the analysis of signs).Results: Whilst affect was not explicitly theorized or examined in any of the studies, there are clearly identifiable affective elements implicitly at play in these interventions. Four thematic categories of affect/ideology were identified including: (1) sexual desire and the ‘pornographication’ of the gay/bisexual male subject; (2) narratives of romance and love; (3) fear, threat and regret; (4) ‘flattened’ affect.Conclusions: This is the first study to examine and detail the affective and ideological aspects of intervention content in this field. Using analytic techniques such as those reported here, in addition to approaches that focus on the manner in which intervention content address more proximal determinants of behaviour, can provide a rich and potentially more useful evidence-base to assist with future interventions
578729212	Return Distribution in Private Equity	None
552965643	The work that plants do: Life, labour and the future of vegetal economies	Whether driven by developments in plant science, bio-philosophy, or broader societal dynamics, plants have to respond to a litany of environmental, social, and economic challenges. This collection explores thework'that plants do in contemporary capitalism, examining how vegetal life is enrolled in processes of value creation, social reproduction, and capital accumulation. Bringing together insights from geography, anthropology, and the environmental humanities, the contributors contend that attention to the diverse capacities and agencies of plants can both enrich understandings of capitalist economies, and also catalyze new forms of resistance to their logics
158977704	‘Du concept à l’institution: Les spécifités du mot “police” en langue anglaise’	The word ‘police’ has its origins in the languages of Classical Greece and Rome. Through to the Enlightenment it had a broad conceptual meaning relating to the general well-being of a city or wider territory.  The early historians of the English institution known as the police seem to have had little or no awareness of this early usage.  Most of them assumed that eighteenth-century England was suffering from a serious rise in crime and disorder and that the creation of the Metropolitan Police in 1829 constituted a solution to the increasing problems.Maintaining throughout comparisons and contrasts with continental Europe, this essay explores the responsibility for the maintenance of order and the enforcement of law in England from the late medieval period to the development of the police institution.  Drawing on recent research it addresses English attitudes to civic duty in the realms of policing, English perceptions of events regarding police developments in Europe and pre-police organisations before 1829
603403064	Attitude and readiness of utilizing virtual reality simulations in interprofessional education to facilitate prompt and safe hospital discharges in England	It can be challenging in England to provide interprofessional education (IPE) in hospitals due to practitioners’ availability, high workload, difficulty to backfill, and training costs. Furthermore, most of the IPE training is facilitated by a didactic teaching strategy in a classroom which fails to engage practitioners to understand each other roles and responsibilities, work procedures, policies, issues related to resources, and their pressure points. Technological innovation, in particular virtual reality has opened up a door to overcome these challenges by enabling practitioners to access IPE virtually, and it provides an immersive experience to them. It is not clear whether health and social care practitioners in England would accept and be ready to embrace this type of technology. Hence, this research study aims to understand attitudes and readiness to access virtual reality simulations (VRS) as a teaching modality and pedagogical tool. Health and social care practitioners (n = 22) attended two focus groups after engaging in a VRS and agreed that it could give them valuable learning experiences where they would be able to learn and practice soft skills in a safe environment to discharge people promptly and safely
524782043	Invited research workshops	None
603403043	Editorial introduction: Racialised migrants navigating the UK's hostile environment policies	This article presents personal stories from a participatory biographical arts-based study with a specific category of racialised migrants: individuals seeking asylum, in the North East of England. Responding to the important questions posed by this special issue, the article explores individual experiences of navigating the UK's hostile environment with a focus on the threefold punitive ‘threat’ of dispersal, detention, and destitution (Bloch and Schuster, 2005). Adopting an intersectional lens, the discussion highlights the impact of such policies and their compound effect of creating (un)safe and exclusionary everyday spaces, while also outlining the potential for resistance as illustrated by participants’ actions and their creative (re)actions as part of the study's arts-based approach
82958411	Developing EAP courses for distance delivery in the global context	New Open University (OU) EAP courses are geared towards enabling students with language needs to achieve in the academic environment. According to research carried out in the OU (O’Shea-Poon et al, 2009), there is ‘a strong relationship between English language competency and academic attainment’. In addition ‘continued inward migration, international expansion and an increased focus on widening participation are likely to widen the ethnicity attainment gap.’ (p. 2)The objective of these courses is to help students appropriate the written and oral language for their own purposes, whether study related or outside of the study context.The courses offer students access to resources in the form of reading, audio/visual and speaking materials online, with which to interact individually or collectively. Establishing online relationships is seen as key to enabling students to communicate comfortably across geographic boundaries. Communication takes place via Tutor Group Forums, Elluminate (web conferencing programme), email or Skype and is an essential part of the courses. The distance dimension enables the creation of online communities, and the courses prioritise tasks which give students the opportunity to work collectively through group activities, for both formative and summative purposes. This talk will discuss how the courses have been designed to achieve these aims and to what extent they have succeeded, giving examples of materials and activities from three courses, two undergraduate and one postgraduate. It will include links to the course websites and offer innovative and exciting ideas for online English learning in the academic context
603403058	Allanite U–Pb dating places new constraints on the high‐pressure to high‐temperature evolution of the deep Himalayan crust	During continental collision, crustal rocks are buried, deformed, transformed and exhumed. The rates, timescales and tectonic implications of these processes are constrained through the sequence and conditions of metamorphic reactions in major and accessory phases. Petrographic, isotopic and elemental data from metabasite samples in NW Bhutan, eastern Himalaya, suggest initial equilibration under high‐pressure (plagioclase‐absent and rutile‐present) conditions, followed by decompression to lower pressure conditions at high‐temperatures that stabilized plagioclase, orthopyroxene and ilmenite. Field observations and chemical indicators suggest equilibration under the lower pressure conditions is likely linked to the infiltration of melt from the host metasedimentary rocks. The metabasites preserve two metamorphic growth stages of chemically‐and petrographically distinct allanite that temporally overlap two stages of zircon growth. Allanite cores and zircon mantles grew at c. 19 ± 2 and 17–15.5 Ma respectively, linked texturally and chemically to the high‐pressure evolution. Symplectitic rims on embayed allanite cores, wholly symplectized Aln–Ilm and Aln–Cpx grains, and high U zircon rims grew at c. 15.5–14.5 Ma, linked chemically to the presence of melt and lower pressure, high‐temperature conditions. A single garnet Lu–Hf date is interpreted as geologically meaningless, with the bulk rock composition modified by melt infiltration after garnet formation. The open system evolution of these rocks precludes precise determination of the reactive bulk composition during metamorphic evolution and thus absolute conditions, especially during the early high‐pressure evolution. Despite these limitations, we show that combined geochemical and petrographic datasets are still able to provide insights into the rates and timescales of deep orogenic processes. The data suggest a younger and shallower evolution for the NW Bhutan metabasites compared to similar rocks in the central and eastern Himalayas
603403050	Circulating H3K27me3 modified nucleosomes as a biomarker to monitor anti EZH2-based treatment in advanced solid tumour patients: Translational analyses from CAIRE trial	CAIRE is a phase 2 umbrella study which assessed activity of combined anti-EZH2 tazemetostat and anti-PDL1 durvalumab (T+D) in advanced pretreated pancreatic, colorectal and sarcoma cancer patients. The are currently no plasma biomarkers for anti-EZH2 treatment monitoring or outcome. EZH2 catalyzes tri-methylation of Lysine 27 (K27me3) on nucleosomal histone 3 (H3, H3K27me3). Circulating, cell free H3K27me3 modified nucleosomes are thus a potential biomarker for tazemetostat activity. We evaluated the concentration of circulating H3K27me3 modified nucleosomes normalized to H3.1 nucleosomes (the most common isoform of H3) in T+D treated patients, irrespective of the tumor primary site, to determine target engagement during anti-EZH2 treatment. Plasma from patients receiving T+D was collected before the first cycle administration (C1D1), on the following two cycles administration (C2D1, C3D1) and at end of treatment (EOT). H3.1 and H3K27me3 containing nucleosomes were quantified by Nu.Q®-H3.1 and Nu.Q®-H3K27me3 Chemiluminescent Immunoassays. Concentrations are reported as ng/ml and the comparison of their median values at the different timepoints were tested with Kruskal-Wallis and Mann Whitney (independent samples) or Wilcoxon tests (paired samples), with SciPy.stat package (1.6.2). Bonferroni correction was applied to multiple comparisons. Of 197 total samples, 191 were evaluable for both biomarkers (6 higher than top standard after 5x dilution): 69 at C1D1, 63 at C2D1, 50 at C3D1 and 9 at EOT. For 58 patients paired C1D1 and C1D2 levels were available, 46 from C1D1 to C3D1 and 8 from C1D1 to EOT. The normalized Nu.Q®-H3K27me3 C1D1 median value (0.56) was significantly higher than C2D1 (0.31, p: e-12), C3D1 (0.31, p: e-12) and EOT ones (0.28, p: 0.001). Conversely, Nu.Q®-H3.1 levels were similar from C1D1 to C3D1 (range of the medians: 122.16-133.25 ng/ml) and increased at EOT (290.09 ng/ml), but with no significant difference between pairwise timepoints. Regarding paired-samples comparison, the normalized Nu.Q®-H3K27me3 was significantly higher at C1D1 than at C2D1 (p: e-8) and C3D1 (p: e-9) and at EOT (p: 0.02). Conversely, H3.1 concentration was significantly higher at EOT than at C1D1 (p: 0.02), at C2D1 (p: 0.02) and C3D1 (p: 0.05).In conclusion, we described for the first time that normalized circulating nucleosomal H3K27me3 values significantly decrease during T-based treatment in metastatic solid tumor patients, irrespective of the primary disease site, supporting its potential role as a pharmacodynamic biomarker for EZH2 inhibition. Moreover, total nucleosomal H3.1 seems to represent a surrogate of disease burden in metastatic pancreatic, colorectal and sarcoma cancers, as suggested previously in other hematological malignancies
82983283	Brands at Work: The Search for Meaning in Mundane Work	Brand scholarship traditionally resides within the marketing literature and focuses on organizations’ external relationships with customers. However, increasing critical attention in organization studies has focused on the brand in order to understand its impact on the internal dynamics of employment relations in contemporary organizations. Drawing on an ethnography of frontline service work in an IT consultancy call centre, we explore the brand as an internal organizational resource sustaining the process of employee meaning-making activities. Documenting the ‘work of the brand’, we outline what the brand offers both employees and employers and, in doing so, we theorize the brand at work as a connecting mechanism between processes of identity formation/re-formation and regulation. While employees are encouraged to internalize particular brand meanings (in this case prestige, success and quality), we found that they often willingly buy into these intended brand meanings as a palliative to ‘cope’ with mundane work. In this way brand meanings are central to producing a self-disciplining form of employee subjectivity
603403031	The rise of big philanthropy in global social policy: implications for policy transfer and analysis	A new group of Western development donors has emerged as increasingly influential actors in global social policy. Big philanthropies have begun implementing social protection projects on a vast scale across the Global South and have become integrated within global governance structures. It is essential to examine whether their approach to social policy in the South is effective, legitimate and desirable for the substantive agendas and programmes in these countries and for analysis of social policy in a development context. This study investigates contemporary big philanthropies through a qualitative case-study of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and its role in the health sector in Tanzania. It examines the ways in which big philanthropies engage and seek to influence policy on the ground, directly exploring the views and experiences of local stakeholders. The study finds that big philanthropies have distinctive features and mechanisms as global social policy entrepreneurs. In contrast to the vertical and linear processes associated with traditional policy transfer, a more messy and complex set of mechanisms are observed. The study also indicates that despite considerable resources and authority, philanthropic donors may not be effective in securing policy reform within aid-receiving countries due to a lack of transparency and embeddedness
603403008	Anti-social Behaviour	What is anti-social behaviour? Can it be dealt with effectively? Is the problem exaggerated? From the Daily Mail's claim of Britain being named ‘Yob Capital of Europe’, to the headline in The Times of ‘Tearaway given ASBO at 10’, the subject of anti-social behaviour has been given a huge amount of political, social, media, public policy and academic interest in recent years. Using lively case studies and examples, Andrew Millie introduces the concept of anti-social behaviour (ASB) and examines its implications for society in the 21st century. The chapters explore: The origins of the term Different causes and types of ASB Theoretical frameworks for ASB and ASB control How the UK deals with ASB compared to other countries The rise of the ASBO Alternative enforcement options Methods of prevention The future for ASB Anti-Social Behaviour is fascinating reading for all Criminology, Sociology and Social Policy students
603403104	Democracy and Stock Market Returns	This paper empirically examines the relationship between the level of democratization and stock index returns in a sample of 74 countries. Compared with democracies, autocratic states are characterized by lower returns despite exhibiting higher return volatility. Even though this higher volatility can be mostly attributed to diversifiable country-specific risk, the Capital Asset Pricing Model is unable to explain the return differential. Instead, it is the level of investor protection that can fully account for the phenomenon described here. Autocratic leaders may be reluctant to promulgate regulation shielding investors and the resultant expropriation depresses the returns realized by outsiders
603403021	Bridging the Gap: Understanding Reassurance Policing	While crime rates in England and Wales have been falling, the perception has remained, for many, that crime is rising. It has also been assumed that fear of crime is high, although measures of fear have been declining since the mid-1990s. Of greater concern is a concurrent decline in confidence in the police. This ‘gap’ underpins the need for reassurance as a means of gaining legitimacy for policing decisions. We consider the background to reassurance policing and examine interpretation at ground level through interviews with officers involved in a strategy trial based upon a ‘signal crimes’ perspective
603402961	Realising the potential of online teacher development courses to improve student learning — a brief for eLearning providers	The Government of Bangladesh and Aspire to Innovate (a2i) are making substantial investments in blended learning for teacher professional development (TPD) through the national eLearning platform ‘Mukto Paath’. This policy brief explores research evidence of primary-level teachers’ participation in one such course—Anonde Gonit Shikhi (AGS) by the Directorate of Primary Education—and makes evidence-based recommendations to increase the proportion of teachers and schools realising the potential benefits on teaching and learning.Some teachers — with encouragement from their head-teacher and help from other teachers in the school—regularly put the AGS activities into practice and reported improved experiences of teaching and learning. However, many teachers lacked such encouragement and support at school and did not use the activities regularly or experience the same benefits. To realise greater impact, course designers should emphasise the importance of practical implementation in schools—and should illustrate how head teachers and teachers can work together to support this
603403144	Creating an Open Online Educational Resource to Support Learners as They Navigate Their Studies Alongside Work and/or Family	As labour markets undergo rapid and profound transformations, lifelong learning is essential to ensure a responsive, competitive, and skilled workforce. Mature learners are a diverse group, but in comparison to their younger student counterparts, are more likely to have employment and/or caring responsibilities. This field note discusses the development and features of a novel online open educational resource, called At a crossroads: Navigating work and/or family alongside study (At a crossroads for brevity). The resource aimed to assist university students to both learn about the support options available to them as well as to consider how they themselves might make decisions if they experienced a conflict between their student/work/family roles. At a crossroads is innovative in terms of how it was developed (i.e., via survey-based research, story completion method, and consultations sessions with tertiary students) and in terms of what it is (i.e., an online interactive resource that incorporates short dramatizations, social polls, and opportunities to reflect). Our experience in developing this resource caused us to consider how making resources designed to be engaging and informative, while encouraging, positive changes, must be part of the solution. This is especially so when there is significant concern around the overall well-being of tertiary students and their course completion rates. While universities have attempted to offer a range of tools to support their students, on-demand online resources such as At a crossroads are easily accessed, free to use, and deliver content in an engaging manner
603403012	Crime as an issue during the 2005 UK general election	Politicians are fond of telling interviewers that their focus should be on the `real issues' or `what matters most to the people'. This research note considers the place of crime as a `real issue', specifically during the national general election held in the UK in May 2005. According to research by Ipsos MORI (May 2005), at the time of the election the issues that mattered most to people were crime (40 per cent), the health service (36 per cent), race relations/immigration (27 per cent) and education (26 per cent). Crime was clearly important to the public, but how was this reflected in the policies of the main parties and the media coverage of the campaign
603402880	An evaluation of quantitative and qualitative methods of predicting the 2002 FIFA World Cup	The purpose of the current study was to attempt to predict the 2002 FIFA World Cup using a broad spectrum of methods. The methods ranged from the qualitative to the quantitative. The predictions were evaluated by awarding 1 point for each round 2 participant identified, 1 point for each group winner or runner-up identified, 2 points for each quarter-finalist identified, 3 points for each semi-finalist identified and 5 points for correctly identifying the winner of the 3rd place play-off or the final. This gives a maximum mark of 78 for any prediction. It was not possible for all methods to use the same data (although this would have been desirable) due to the very nature of the methods. Some relied on objective facts, whereas others used more personal subjective knowledge and experience
82980725	European transitions towards a corporate-environmental food regime: agroecological incorporation or contestation?	The ‘food regime’ concept helps to analyse potential transitions beyond the agro-industrial regime which has been globally dominant since the 1970s.  As its multiple crises generate alternative production methods and products, some have been incorporated into a nascent ‘corporate-environmental food regime’.  This nascent regime is illustrated here by two agendas prominent in Europe – ‘bioeconomy’ (Life Sciences) and ‘sustainable intensification’. As a significant difference, the prevalent ‘bioeconomy’ agenda marginalises agroecological practices, while ‘sustainable intensification’ selectively incorporates such practices within a broader toolkit including biotech.  Regardless of that difference, both agendas reinforce a neoliberal productivist narrative: namely, more resource-efficient methods are necessary for increasing production to fulfill the greater market demand for food, feed, fuel, etc. In this way, the capital-accumulation driver is reified as ‘market demand’ arising exogenously from the food production system – which thereby accommodates societal needs.   By contrast, the agroecology narrative diagnoses the problem as profit-driven agro-industrial monoculture systems making farmers dependent on external inputs, undermining their knowledge, and distancing consumers from agri-producers.  Through such a narrative, new alliances have elaborated a different future linking farmers’ knowledge-exchange, agroecology, food sovereignty, citizens’ initiatives, public knowledge about food production, etc.  Civil society organisations have facilitated such linkages among researchers, scientists and social movements. In those ways, contending narratives justify different trajectories for an agro-food transition.  Each links different innovation paradigms of technique, quality and knowledge.   These differences often remain implicit amidst broad terms such as bioeconomy, sustainable intensification, agroecology, etc.  Making the divergences explicit can help contest transitions towards a corporate-environmental food regime, while also counterposing agroecological alternatives
82974515	Geochemistry of intermediate olivine-phyric shergottite Northwest Africa 6234, with similarities to basaltic shergottite Northwest Africa 480 and olivine-phyric shergottite Northwest Africa 2990	The newly found meteorite Northwest Africa 6234 (NWA 6234) is an olivine (ol)-phyric shergottite that is thought, based on texture and mineralogy, to be paired with Martian shergottite meteorites NWA 2990, 5960, and 6710. We report bulk-rock major- and trace-element abundances (including Li), abundances of highly siderophile elements, Re-Os isotope systematics, oxygen isotope ratios, and the lithium isotope ratio for NWA 6234. NWA 6234 is classified as a Martian shergottite, based on its oxygen isotope ratios, bulk composition, and bulk element abundance ratios, Fe ⁄Mn, Al ⁄ Ti, and Na⁄ Al. The Li concentration and δ 7Li value of NWA 6234 are similar to that of basaltic shergottites Zagami and Shergotty. The rare earth element (REE) pattern for NWA 6234 shows a depletion in the light REE (La-Nd) compared with the heavy REE (Sm-Lu), but not as extreme as the known ‘‘depleted’’ shergottites. Thus, NWA 6234 is suggested to belong to a new category of shergottite that is geochemically ‘‘intermediate’’ in incompatible elements. The only other basaltic or ol-phyricshergottite with a similar ‘‘intermediate’’ character is the basaltic shergottite NWA 480. Rhenium-osmium isotope systematics are consistent with this intermediate character, assuming a crystallization age of 180 Ma. We conclude that NWA 6234 represents an intermediate compositional group between enriched and depleted shergottites and offers new insights into the nature of mantle differentiation and mixing among mantle reservoirs in Mars
82904225	Enhancing Social Work Management: Theory and Best Practice from the UK and the USA	This book looks at the nature of management in the human services sector and examines the prevailing issues affecting both the UK and USA. Contradictory forces affect the act of management, such as the imperatives driving the introduction of new control systems which exist alongside the requirement to cut resources. In this book, contributors present both the problems and opportunities associated with the growth of management in the social care sector. They cover key topics including the implementation of change in the childcare sector; diversity - looking at the ways in which care managers can more effectively serve a growing multicultural and global society; performance measurement; the impact of electronic technologies and telecommunications; risk and safety in the workplace; and ethics in making personnel decisions, managing finances, planning and maintaining key relationships
131316695	Rapid induction of dopamine sensitization in the nucleus accumbens shell induced by a single injection of cocaine	Repeated intermittent exposure to cocaine results in the neurochemical sensitization of dopamine (DA) transmission within the nucleus accumbens (NAc). Indeed, the excitability of DA neurons in the ventral tegmental area (VTA) is enhanced within hours of initial psychostimulant exposure. However, it is not known if this is accompanied by a comparably rapid change in the ability of cocaine to increase extracellular DA concentrations in the ventral striatum. To address this question we used fast-scan cyclic voltammetry (FSCV) in awake-behaving rats to measure DA responses in the NAc shell following an initial intravenous cocaine injection, and then again 2-h later. Both injections quickly elevated DA levels in the NAc shell, but the second cocaine infusion produced a greater effect than the first, indicating sensitization. This suggests that a single injection of cocaine induces sensitization-related plasticity very rapidly within the mesolimbic DA system
82971822	Defining the city “trumpeter”: German civic identity and the employment of brass instrumentalists, c.1500	This article examines the employment of brass instrumentalists in German cities around 1500, as a reflection of the political circumstances of the epoch, where rivalry between the distinct components of the social hierarchy encouraged the assertion of power and statusthrough musical patronage. Archival records and contemporary chronicles provide invaluable insights into the performances of civic brass instrumentalists, whether in the provision of signals (by the city watchmen or those who played alongside the cities’ troops) or for theentertainment of the citizens and their guests (within the civic instrumental ensembles the Stadtpfeifer (‘town pipers’)). Although the use of ambiguous nomenclature in contemporary records can hinder a definitive understanding of the instruments used by these musicians, the musicians’ different duties within the city walls can often be inferred. Important insights can thereby be gained into the extent of the patronage of these civic brass instrumentalists, their roles within everyday city life, and their resultant contribution to the communication of civic strength to the populace and their guests
82958210	A digital discourse system: A means to make women's health visible	None
603402926	[Book Review] The Edwardian Picture Postcard as a Communications Revolution: A Literacy Studies Perspective	None
82980765	Integrating Second Life in humanitarian and development training	The paper will address an opportunity for mixed-reality learning in Second Life by discussing the training needs and restrictions for humanitarian and development workers as met by the Open University course TUXR873: Working with conflict:  tools, skills and dialogue.  The paper will map these needs to the affordances of Second Life, in a context of realistic, practical and sustainable course development, and consider the potential for Second Life collaboration to replace the residential aspect of the existing course.  This paper aims to open discussion around the issues involved in developing such a course.  This work is relevant to all sectors of education who might consider embedding virtual world role play into a course.  The work is particularly relevant to providers of distance learning, especially in developing countries
603402923	[Book Review] Culture, Democracy and the Right to Make Art	This excellent book fills a gap that has long existed in academic study of British grass roots arts: a conspectus that records the history of the community arts movement in the UK, locates it in the communities and the times when it was made, and explores its significance as a democratising force in British culture
82909045	The MBA Handbook: an essential guide to effective study	None
82974562	Deploying Google Apps into the curriculum	The OU has for some time now been offering Google Apps to our current students on an opt-in basis, initially to offer a replacement to the OpenText FirstClass service we used to run, and to complement students’ personal email provision. We now have in excess of 24,000 students using our my.open.ac.uk Google Apps domain via single-sign-on. Of more interest to our learning systems and curriculum teams however was the potential to adopt some of the other tools – such as Docs and Sites. This presentation will cover early adoption of Google Apps ‘out-of-the-box’ for curriculum use in some of our popular modules as well as developments to integrate better with our VLE in Moodle
82958178	The benefits of part-time undergraduate study and UK higher education policy: a literature review	Part-time study in the UK is significant: nearly 40 per cent of higher education students study part-time.This article reports on a literature review that sought to understand the economic and social benefits of part-time study in the UK. It concludes that there are substantial and wide-ranging benefits from studying part-time. The article also aims to place the discussion in the current policy context by drawing attention to the fact that while part-time study is seen as important for increasing the global competitiveness of the UK economy, expansion of higher education has tended to focus on the young, full-time student; furthermore, part-time study is less generously resourced compared to full-time study. New policy pronouncements made in 2009 appear to recognise these policy contradictions, which state that most future growth will be in provision other than the full-time, 3-year undergraduate degree. Indeed, the Government’s independent review of fees has recognized that parity of funding is an issue and its recommendations on part-time study have been endorsed by the government
109586	Formative e-Assessment: case stories, design patterns and future scenarios	This chapter presents findings from the JISC funded project ‘Scoping a vision for formative e-assessment’ (FEASST). The project was motivated by the increasing recognition of the importance of formative assessment and the need to identify effective strategies for incorporating it into e-learning. This chapter is particularly interested in the human-centric, social dimensions of e-assessment. The project used the participatory pattern methodology to engage a group of practitioners in developing case studies of formative e-assessment across a range of settings (from Primary to Higher Education) through a series of Practical Enquiry Days. Next, the design patterns were extracted from these cases and the outcomes were analysed against the literature. Patterns were subjected to the scrutiny of a group of software developers who used them as the basis for pedagogical and technical scenarios of use. Finally, the case studies and the design patterns were mapped to a domain map. This chapter provides an overview of the project and highlights an illustrative number of patterns
82923795	Policing the anti-globalisation protests: patterns and variations in state responses	The arrival of the anti-globalisation movement was manifested in a new wave of protests involving innovative tactics targeting the summit meetings of a variety of international bodies and institutions. In response a new pattern of state management of these protests has developed which goes beyond traditional methods of protest policing. This pattern has involved constraints on civil liberties, including the right to protest and the right to free movement, militarisation of policing, transnational cooperation between police forces, increased surveillance and media and image management. We delineate this new pattern of state management of political dissent by examining policing strategies across five continents, noting national and regional variations in state policing responses
131317324	SH stretching vibration of propanethiol ice — a signature for its identification in the interstellar icy mantles	Among the most commonly existing thiol molecules, methanethiol and ethanethiol were discovered in the interstellar medium and identification of the next larger thiol molecule, propanethiol, is long awaited. By simulating icy astrochemical conditions and probing propanethiol ices under infrared spectroscopy we propose the use of SH stretching vibrations observed in the propanethiol molecular ice as a probe towards its identification in the interstellar medium. Though there are conformational changes within the ice (as observed in both VUV and IR spectra), the SH stretching vibration of propanethiol is observed to be unique among the set of thiol molecules, methanethiol and ethanethiol, which enables the detection of propanethiol ice in interstellar dust mantles using the James Webb Space Telescope
131317268	Digital literacies as situated knowledge practices: academics’ influence on learners’ behaviours	None
82981125	Temporal and spatial variability of groundwater–surface water fluxes: Development and application of an analytical method using temperature time series	Significant spatial and temporal variability of water fluxes may exist at the river–groundwater interface and the assessment of such variability may be important for appreciation of the spatial and temporal dynamics of chemical loading to a river or aquifer. Measurement of such variability is limited due to difficulties of applying conventional Darcian flux based methods. Thermal parameters required to distinguish between conductive and advective heat transfers, and hence to determine water fluxes, exhibit a narrower range within sediments than hydraulic properties required for Darcy-based methods. To exploit this we explore a method of utilising temperature time series to calculate vertical water fluxes across riverbed sediments. River and streambed temperatures may be measured using robust, inexpensive loggers which are simple to deploy. These sensors may provide attenuation and phase shift of the diurnal temperature signal which, at depth, varies with the seepage flux (to or from the river). We present an analytical extension to an existing numerical solution of the heat flow equation, which is used in conjunction with Dynamic Harmonic Regression signal processing techniques for the analysis of diurnal oscillations at two or more depths in the river bed. This permits the computation of a time series of vertical seepage fluxes without the need for complex numerical solutions. Furthermore, Monte Carlo analysis allows an assessment of the uncertainty in the seepage flux estimates to be made. The method has been applied to a reach of a UK lowland river in order to demonstrate that, even in such a low energy environment, water fluxes at the river–groundwater interface are significantly variable. Derived fluxes showed significant variation, which is supported by measurements from other methods. We propose that our approach offers a reliable and robust field-based method for quantifying vertical water fluxes at the groundwater–surface water interface and a means of recording seepage flux time series
82973428	Levine-Katz (Boston) Questionnaire analysis: means, medians or grouped totals?	None
84152840	The development of new disciplines in Education – the Open Education example	The advent of digital, networked technology has had an impact on many aspects of scholarly practice. The influence can be seen as both technical and cultural, as new technologies allow different practices to emerge, and cultural norms from the internet also shape expectations and behavior. In some areas, this has seen the emergence of distinct disciplines, which have built on existing ones and combined these with networked practices. This chapter examines one such example, that of Open Education, and considers whether such areas can be considered as new disciplines. The emergence of such fields is suggested as analogous to the urban renaissance and thedevelopment of towns when certain conditions arose
82973193	Connecting repositories in the open access domain using text mining and semantic data	This paper presents CORE (COnnecting REpositories), a system that aims to facilitate the access and navigation across scientific papers stored in Open Access repositories. This is being achieved by harvesting metadata and full-text content from Open Access repositories, by applying text mining techniques to discover semanticly related articles and by representing and exposing these relations as Linked Data. The information about associations between articles expressed in an interoperable format will enable the emergence of a wide range of applications. The potential of CORE can be demonstrated on two use-cases: (1) Improving the the navigation capabilities of digital libraries by the means of a CORE pluging, (2) Providing access to digital content from smart phones and tablet devices by the means of the CORE Mobile application
82909864	OpenLearn – Benefits from an open learning culture and open educational resources for educational institutions	None
428338014	On Magic, Time and Exchange: The Arts of Sophia of Mecklenburg-Güstrow and Anna of Denmark-Norway	This essay has two distinct if closely entwined threads. The first takes its cue from a pair of earrings commissioned by Anna of Denmark-Norway, Queen of Scotland and England. These are situated within certain dynastic traditions of patronage that Anna acquired primarily from her mother, Sophia of Mecklenburg-Güstrow. The second thread is more about method; it advocates the art-historical utility of magical thinking. Such thinking is helpful because it comes with a productive and transgressive fluidity that makes it easier to incorporate equally fluid dimensions such as time and space into art-historical enquiry. Consequently, it becomes easier to understand what works of art actually do, how they operate by means of transformation. So magical thinking is particularly pertinent to this issue of 'Art History', focused, as it is, on the polity of Denmark with its considerable history of fluidity and longevity
286365686	HarmonISA - ein Geoinformationswerkzeug zum Studium grenzüberschreitender Landnutzung	Das Projekt „HarmonISA“ wird vorgestellt, das die Erstellung und den Betrieb eines GeoDienstes im Internet zum Ziel hat, der auf der Basis unterschiedlicher Landnutzungsdaten aus Kärnten, Friaul und Slowenien harmonisierte Landnutzungskarten erzeugt, die vergleichbare Landnutzungsklassen beinhalten. Nach einem kurzen Überblick zur Verwendung von Ontologien in der GI-Wissenschaft wird der Arbeitsablauf der Wissensmodellierung in HarmonISA beschrieben und ein Beispiel für die Funktionsweise der Webapplikation zur Darstellung und Untersuchung des Siedlungsraumes in der Alpen-Adria Region gegeben. Im Folgeprojekt HarmonISA2 werden die Ergebnisse empirisch geprüft, verbessert und als Web-Map- oder Web-Feature-Service interoperabel angeboten werden
84152836	Evaluation of a drop-in clinic for young people with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder	Aims To implement and evaluate a nurse-led, multi-agency drop-in clinic for young people with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).Method A repeated measures observational study over 12 months exploring clinic attendance and user satisfaction, crisis management and did not attend (DNA) rates, consultant time spent with patients, benefits to quality of care, and service flexibility.Results A total of 62 service users participated. A significant improvement in service user experience was observed (P=0.001). Crisis management attendances significantly increased (P=0.005). DNA rates did not reduce significantly (P=0.057). Service users attended for their medication review before or on their due date (P=0.011). Those who needed to were able to spend more time with the staff (P=0.001).Conclusion The clinic improved service accessibility and flexibility. It allowed adherence to clinical guidance, including uptake of psychosocial interventions. There was an overwhelmingly positive improvement in service user experience. Importantly, as contact with the ADHD nurse specialists increased, this significantly reduced the amount of time consultant community paediatricians spent with service users. Further research should examine the cost-effectiveness and longitudinal effect of the drop-in model
333644996	Nurses' early and ongoing encounters with the dying and the dead: a scoping review of the international literature	Background: End-of-life care is high on policy and political agendas in the UK and internationally. Nurses are at the forefront of this, caring for dying patients, ‘managing’ the dead body, and dealing with the corporeal, emotional and relational dimensions of death. Little is known about nurses' prior or early professional experiences of and reactions to death, dying and the corpse and how these might influence practice. Aims: To appraise the international literature on nurses' early experiences of death, dying and the dead body, to better understand how these might influence subsequent practice, and how this might inform our teaching of death, dying and last offices. Methods: A scoping review was undertaken of peer-reviewed publications between, 2000 and 2019, which included nurses working in hospital, care homes and the community. Medline, PubMed, PsychINFO and CINAHL databases were searched and 23 papers meeting the inclusion criteria were read. Arksey and O'Malley's (2005) five-stage approach was adopted to scope the relevant international literature, using where relevant the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) statement. Selected papers were independently reviewed and subjected to thematic analysis, leading to the generation of five overarching themes.  Results: The five themes were: different philosophies of care; relationships; knowledge; impact of death; and giving care. The studies came from diverse geographical locations across different settings and were primarily qualitative in design.  Conclusions: Students and registered nurses are impacted both positively and negatively by their early encounters with death and dying. Good communication with patients, families and between professionals, understanding of what constitutes a ‘good’ death, and high-quality mentorship and support were of particular importance
224959385	Designing a better accreditation standard to promote graduates' employability	The Institute of Coding is developing a novel accreditation standard, which addresses employability concerns explored in the Wakeham and Shadbolt reviews, but differs from the content focussed standards prevalent across STEM. This session is essentially practical. Participants will use Skills Framework for the Information Age (SFIA) material, or a relevant skills framework for their own discipline, to construct a plausible accreditation standard for a subject area, evaluating it against the graduate qualities demanded by employers and society
82924502	Synergetic effects of irradiation and thermal embrittlement	None
82973677	A blended design approach for pervasive healthcare: bringing together users, experts and technology	Pervasive healthcare is beginning to investigate how novel sensory technologies can be used to measure body movements and provide various forms of feedback. This position paper reflects on a blended design approach that uses a combination of technology-inspiration, consultation with experts and user-centred design for the development of a personalized pervasive health care system to support stroke rehabilitation
426874740	Confessions of lockdown breaches. Problematising morality during the Covid-19 pandemic	This paper examines confessions of Covid-19 breaches in two radio phone-ins. The programmes hosted invited experts who were recruited at certain moments in the show to comment on the (in)direct experiences of lockdown compliance or breaches reported by the callers.The analysis focuses on the social actions the participants are seen to be carrying out and orienting to through talk such confessions and disclosures of minor unlawful behaviour in public.A set of features of confessions were found depending on whether personal circumstances could be said to warrant the breaches and the recipients align or not with the warrantability of the breaches. Callers who disclosed their breaches at the first available opportunity, presented them as primarily warranted by a long-term health condition and displayed full awareness of doing confessing. Both early confessions and those that appear later in the narration were carefully crafted. They were mitigated to minimize the seriousness of the transgression and reduce the actor’s accountability.The positional nuances of the participants as they share their stories, coupled with their assessment of self- and other behaviour, shines a light on their orientations to, and interactional management of, the moral accountability of behaviour in public spaces during the pandemic
82899900	Telling stories about learners and learning	About the book: this is the second in the Trentham series on Discourse, Power and Resistance. It explores and critiques government control over educational practice and research in the US and the UK, and examines the impact of this control on teachers and learners. Chapters illustrate the undermining of professional autonomy, the narrowing effect of ‘learning outcomes’, and the impact of punitive inspection regimes. Other chapters review issues arising from widening participation policies such as the effect of ‘therapeutic education’ on the self esteem of adult learners, and how the policing and control of student experience undermines the trust between tutor and students. The book offers a timely reminder to those engaged in shaping, delivering or experiencing the effects of current educational policy that it is all too easy to be swept away by contemporary rhetoric, without considering its impact on practitioners, researchers and learners. This book will be wholly relevant, especially for those working with adult learners. It will also be of value to students in education, policy studies and professional training.The editors have brought together contributions from Ian Stronach and Patti Lather, Mike Newby, Sue Clegg and Peter Ashworth, James Avis, Valerie Reardon, Pat Sikes and John Clark, Kathryn Ecclestone, Sandra Sinfield, Tom Burns and Debbie Holly, Julia Evans, Roger Harrison and Tamsin Haggis
84152917	MiR-126 and miR-126* regulate shear-resistant firm leukocyte adhesion to human brain endothelium	Leukocyte adhesion to brain endothelial cells, the blood-brain barrier main component, is a critical step in the pathogenesis of neuroinflammatory diseases such as multiple sclerosis (MS). Leukocyte adhesion is mediated mainly by selectins, cell adhesion molecules and chemokines induced by pro-inflammatory cytokines such as TNFα and IFNγ, but the regulation of this process is not fully clear. This study investigated the regulation of firm leukocyte adhesion to human brain endothelium by two different brain endothelial microRNAs (miRs), miR-126 and miR-126*, that are downregulated by TNFα and IFNγ in a human brain endothelial cell line, hCMEC/D3. Using a leukocyte adhesion in vitro assay under shear forces mimicking blood flow, we observed that reduction of endothelial miR-126 and miR-126* enhanced firm monocyte and T cell adhesion to hCMEC/D3 cells, whereas their increased expression partially prevented THP1, Jurkat and primary MS patient-derived PBMC firm adhesion. Furthermore, we observed that miR-126* and miR-126 downregulation increased E-selectin and VCAM1, respectively, while miR-126 overexpression reduced VCAM1 and CCL2 expression by hCMEC/D3 cells, suggesting that these miRs regulate leukocyte adhesion by modulating the expression of adhesion-associated endothelial mRNA targets. Hence, human brain endothelial miR-126 and miR-126* could be used as a therapeutic tool to reduce leukocyte adhesion and thus reduce neuroinflammation
82899950	Low attainers in primary mathematics: the whisperers and the maths fairy	In this fascinating book, Jenny Houssart draws on close observations with children in lower mathematics sets in primary schools to investigate why some children opt out of mathematics at an early age. After introducing us to the children, she addresses a particular type of mathematical task in each chapter, including:mental work practical work written work calculators and computers assessment tasks.Through the use of stories and quotes, the author shows how the children respond to specific tasks and presents evidence of a range of difficulties that emerge as the children are working. Each chapter ends with discussions and implications for classroom practice.Low Attainers in Primary Mathematics will be a useful resource for primary teachers, student teachers, SENCOs and teaching assistants who will all recognise these children from their own classrooms and draw insights from this highly readable book
82924532	The dorsal anterior cingulate cortex (BA32) in autism: Morphometric analyses of deep cortical layers and subcortical white matter	Introduction: The dorsal anterior cingulate cortex (BA32) is a region implicated in both social impairments and repetitive behaviors seen in Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). The neuropathological basis for these functional impairments is unclear. Cortical lamination progresses sequentially during mid-gestation, with layer 6 and then layer 5 populated by neurons. An investigation of cellular arrangement within these layers would provide insight into functional cortical circuitry in autism and highlight any significant early developmental disturbances.Methods: A 1 in 4 series of 10m sections from BA32 obtained post-mortem from 8 cases with ASD (24.0 ± 5.3 years, range 5-45) and 11 age and gender-matched controls (28.1 ± 3.9 years, range 4-44), were stained with toluidine blue, immunolabeled with MAP2 and analysed using unbiased stereology (MicroBrightfield) to determine neuronal and glial cell densities in cortical layers 5, 6, subcortical white matter (WM) and total neuronal numbers (under 1mm2 cortex). Neuronal clustering and alignment were also determined using customised Voronoi tessellation and morphometric image analysis (Media Cybernetics).Results: Mean WM glial cell density was 1.27 fold higher in ASD cases than controls (p=0.05), particularly high in the two oldest ASD cases (1.6-1.7 fold higher). Mean layer 5 and 6 neuronal and glial cell densities did not differ significantly between ASD and controls, although higher mean glial-to-neuronal ratios were found in ASD (L5:1.66; L6:1.88) compared to controls (L5:1.41; L6:1.54). Mean WM neuron densities were higher in ASD but did not reach statistical significance.Discussion: This is the first stereological study of BA32 in ASD. Voronoi and morphometric analyses will be discussed. Increased WM glial density supports our previous findings, did not correlate with seizure activity, but could relate to altered functional connectivity and WM abnormalities reported in ASD. This work was supported by the Autism Tissue Program (US) and funded by Autism Speaks (US)
82924512	The effect of initial grain size on transition from discontinuous to continuous recrystallization in a highly cold rolled Al-Fe-Mn alloy	The deformation microstructures and the recrystallization behaviour of a highly deformed Al-Fe-Mn alloy has been investigated using high resolution EBSD.  Of particular interest have been the effects of the initial grain size and the strain on the nature of the recrystallization process.  The results show that conventional discontinuous recrystallization takes place for large initial grain sizes and low to moderate strains.  However, small initial grain sizes and large strains promote a transition to continuous recystallization and a resultant micron-grained product
84152877	The Impact of Consumer Confusion on Nutrition Literacy and Subsequent Dietary Behavior	This paper examines the impact of consumer confusion on nutrition knowledge, literacy, and dietary behavior. While previous research largely focuses on understanding why consumers might not respond to healthy eating communications, this paper seeks to uncover the various behavioral responses to such campaigns, particularly those that contravene health communication objectives. Using an interpretive methodology, findings suggest that most participants do respond to health communications by striving to eat healthily, but inadequate nutrition information derived from unreliable sources, flawed baseline nutrition knowledge, and poor nutrition literacy hinder participants’ efforts. Inconsistent, incomplete, and contradictory information leaves many participants feeling confused about how to implement healthy eating habits. Further, a lack of ability to differentiate between credible and unreliable sources of nutrition information means that many participants blame their confusion on policymakers, and express frustration and cynicism toward vague and often contradictory communications. This, in turn, increases participants’ reliance on food adverts, product labels, and other commercial sources of ambiguous yet appealing information. The paper's theoretical contribution includes a consumer confusion framework for healthy eating, and policy implications highlight that health campaigns seeking to increase consumer awareness of healthy eating are not enough. Policymakers must become the most credible sources of information about healthy eating, and distinguish themselves from competing and unreliable sources of nutrition information
82924520	Investigation of shot-peened austenitic stainless steel 304L by means of magnetic Barkhausen noise	Different shot peening conditions were applied to an austenitic stainless steel AISI 304L in order to transform austenite to martensite α′ at different depths. Magnetic Barkhausen noise measurements performed on this steel reveal a correlation between the strength of the signal and the depth of the treatment. The combined effect of the volume fraction of martensite and the residual stress in martensite determined using X-ray diffraction analysis were found to be responsible for the evolution of the Barkhausen noise response. Using tensile plastic deformation, the residual stress in martensite was changed, giving rise to a strong increase of the Barkhausen noise activity. This variation was correlated to a modification of the sign and amplitude of the residual stress in the martensite phase. Directional measurements of the Barkhausen noise revealed the anisotropy of the residual stresses induced by the tensile plastic deformation. It is concluded that the Barkhausen noise activity recording could lead to the determination of the residual stresses in martensite induced by shot peening processes
84152901	Consumers' Concerns with How They Are Researched Online	Increased consumer usage of the internet has highlighted a number of problematic online marketing practices, including the use of online platforms to research consumers without full consumer awareness. Despite current debates regarding online research ethics from a marketing perspective, scant research has been published on consumers’ concerns with how they are researched online, which is a knowledge gap this paper seeks to address through qualitative research with UK consumers. This is an important yet neglected topic, given that consumer voices have been under-represented in the online research ethics debate over the years. The paper makes a significant theoretical contribution as it extends the ethics of care and responsibility to an online context, which can frame ongoing online research ethics discussions where problematic power asymmetries may exist between researchers and consumers
82973660	Defining and theorizing the third sector	According to some, the third sector is unsuited to singular definitions because it is by its nature unruly. However, different definitions or theorizations can be identified. Ontologically oriented definitions of the third sector offer differing views on what it is made up of and what is excluded. Thus, an “American” view defines it as a separate sector characterized by organized, private, nonprofit, and voluntary entities. A “European” definition sees it as a hybrid phenomenon combining and connecting other sectors such as state and market (this allows social enterprises and [welfare] state bodies in). In contrast, epistemologically oriented theorizations treat the third sector more as a process or form of practice: a particular type of communication (following systems theory), a form of ordering and governing of people (following discourse theory), or a form of struggle or dialogue between social forces (following critical theory)
82924509	Micromagnetic testing of model alloys specimens evaluating irradiation effects	The Model Alloy project, carried out by the JRC (Joint Research Centre) within the frame of the European Network AMES (Ageing Material Evaluation System), has the objective to study the influence of elements, i.e. Phosphorus, Cooper and Nickel on the mechanical properties of steels by different content alloys. As these model alloys are a representative of a large spectrum of ferritic steels with parametric variation of elements known to play a significant role in material characteristic and degradation, they provide an opportunity also to study the elements influence on the steels when exposed to degradation by irradiation
82899869	Media representation of research: the case of a review of ethnic minority education	Concern with the dissemination of research findings has increased in recent years, in the wake of critiques of research for failing to have an impact on policy-making and practice. The most direct way in which research findings can be disseminated to a wide audience is via the mass media. However, coverage of social and educational research in the media is very limited. Furthermore, when it is covered researchers often complain that their work has been distorted. This article examines some of the media coverage of an Office for Standards in Education commissioned review of research on the education of ethnic minority children, published in 1996. Analysis of this media coverage is used as a basis for addressing questions about what is involved in media representation of research, how it should be evaluated, and what meaning can be given to the concept of distortion
151211641	Taylor's power law and the statistical modelling of infectious disease surveillance data	Surveillance data collected on several hundred different infectious organisms over 20 years have revealed striking power relationships between their variance and mean in successive time periods. Such patterns are common in ecology, where they are referred to collectively as Taylor's power law. In the paper, these relationships are investigated in detail, with the aim of exploiting them for the descriptive statistical modelling of infectious disease surveillance data. We confirm the existence of variance-to-mean power relationships, with exponent typically between 1 and 2. We investigate skewness-to-mean relationships, which are found broadly to match those expected of Tweedie distributions, and thus confirm the relevance of the Tweedie convergence theorem in this context. We suggest that variance- and skewness-to-mean power laws, when present, should inform statistical modelling of infectious disease surveillance data, notably in descriptive analysis, model building, simulation and interval and threshold estimation, threshold estimation being particularly relevant to outbreak detection
82924452	Tacit knowledge	None
82909799	Activity and culture - the contribution to health and well-being in later life; A needs analysis	None
82924415	Creative change: lasting outcomes on practice	This study examines the lasting outcomes of studying B882 Creative Management or B822 Creativity, Innovation and Change and the online and international presentations of these courses. Creative Management ran from 1991 to 1998 and Creativity, Innovation and Change from 1999 till now. Over 15,000 students have studied these courses. They remained the most popular OUBS Masters elective courses over the 18 years studied. This cross-cohort research aims to investigate why that is, their lasting impact on participants and their work practice and to note any lessons for remaking successor courses. It was supported by a small PBPL-CETL grant
82924475	Understanding Global Strategy	"Understanding Global Strategy" is the eagerly anticipated new textbook from Susan Segal-Horn and David Faulkner for international strategy courses at all levels. Exploring strategic decision-making on a global scale from multinational corporations through to small enterprises, Segal-Horn and Faulkner cover globalization, networking, culture barriers and benefits, ethics and emerging economies to provide the complete introduction for today's global strategy courses. Key learning features include: Premium Case Studies - a selection of in-depth international case studies from premium case study authors provide practical illustrations of key issues in real-life situations; Strategies in Action - a wealth of shorter case studies to reinforce principles outlined in each chapter; and, Discussion Questions which are provided at the end of each chapter to test knowledge and understanding, and provide a basis for group discussions and activities. This textbook is essential reading for all international or global strategy modules on advance undergraduate or postgraduate (particularly MBA) programmes, in addition to broader strategic management and professional courses
82899838	Governance and educational innovation	Studies of educational leadership and management too often neglect the framework of governance as a significant element of the wider context within which school leaders operate (Glatter, 1997). The purposes of this chapter are to: Briefly review some recent analytical work on the governance of education; and Ask how appropriate our current models of governance are for meeting the needs of education in a fast-changing society, and whether any more appropriate models can be suggested
82899853	Continuing professional development	About the book: this second edition of "Clinical Governance in Primary Care" extends and amplifies the principles outlined in the first edition. Enabling readers to apply clinical governance in their workplace as individuals and as workplace or practice teams, it provides a description of clinical governance in primary care by a panel of renowned leading contributors - based on practical examples on how clinical governance functions in Primary Care Trusts and teams. Additional chapters to this edition include ones on information management, team-work and clinical governance.Contents:Part 1: Setting the sceneClinical governance: a quality conceptClinical governance in primary careClinical governance in action - in a PCTClinical governance in action - in a practicePart 2: The components of clinical governance    What are patients looking for?   Evidence-based practiceDissemination and implementing evidence-based practice    Quality improvement process    Appropriate use of data    Managing information    Reducing risk and promoting safety in primary care    Significant event auditing    Lessons from complaints    Tackling poor performance    Continuing professional development    Developing leaders    Developing teamwork    Part 3: Exploring the future    Educating the coming generation    The end of certainty: professionalism re-visited Implementing clinical governanc
82924374	The service user and carer voice in social work education: drivers and barriers to participation at a national and local level in Scotland	None
151170694	Editorial introduction to Special Issue: Queer Kinship and Relationships	None
82973567	Photon radiation-induced structural and functional changes in the myocardium of hypertensive spontaneously hypertensive rats	Hypertensive SHR rates were irradiated with orange-red light using a Korobkov photon light-emitting diode matrix with a maximum radiation at 612 nm; irradiation was performed daily for 1 h for 13 days. After the course of irradiation, the rhythmoinothropic characteristics of the cardiac papillary muscle significantly improved. Morphological analysis revealed active rearrangement in myocytes, which were observed primarily in the structure of the sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR), whose relative area increased more than twice compared to the control. Apparently, photon therapy of hypertensive rats normalizes calcium homeostasis in myocytes and improves the calcium-transport function of SR. The normalization of structural and functional characteristics of the myocardium with hypertensive rates may result from an increase in the SR buffer capacity and activation of SR Ca2+-ATPase. Furthermore, qualitative and quantitative changes in the proportion of capillaries, myofibrils, and mitochondria in myocytes indicate the development of adaptive-compensatory processes leading to the activation of biosynthetic processes and an increase in the energy potential of the myocardium
82910105	Routine examination of the newborn: the EMREM study.  Evaluation of an extension of the midwife role including a randomised controlled trial of appropriately trained midwives and paediatric senior house officers	This study assesses the implications and cost-effectiveness of extending the role of midwives to include the routine (24-hour) examination of the healthy newborn usually carried out by junior doctors
186327577	A systematic review of interventions available during care crises for individuals with learning disabilities (LD) who are cared for by an ageing carer within the United Kingdom	The aim is to is to provide a greater understanding of the existing crisis interventions and preventative support available for individuals with learning disabilities (LD) who are cared for by an ageing carer within the UK. This will include evaluating the outcomes and effectiveness of available interventions, including cost-efficiency (where this information is provided).The current review aimed to synthesize all available evidence on the availability and effectiveness of the interventions available to support people with LD who are being cared for by older carers in times of crisis. This includes a review of the financial implications of such crises and interventions
343121202	Experimental music and the question of what can a body do?	None
593060408	Sustained identity deceptions	A proposal and discussion for reforming the law on deceptively-obtained consent to sexual activity. It focuses upon identity deceptions, broadly defined, including 'gender fraud' cases and undercover police officers' deceptions of activists
286365737	Pathways into Creative Working Lives	The promise of ‘doing what you love’ continues to attract new entrants into the sector of the cultural and creative industries. The collection asks if the promise is betrayed by the realities of pathways into creative work or, more positively, if a creative identification presents new personal and professional possibilities in the precarious contexts of contemporary work and employment. Two decades into the 21st century, aspiring creative workers can undertake training and higher education courses. They can attempt to convert personal enthusiasms and amateur activities into income-earning careers. Many are self-employed, some utilising skills developed in other occupations. This book presents research on pathways into creative work in a range of occupations and national contexts, including Australia, Belgium, China, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Finland, the Netherlands, Russia, the US, the UK and Vietnam. Chapters explore transitions and issues, and the obstacles that new workers encounter
200248107	Toarcian land vegetation loss	The Toarcian oceanic anoxic event disrupted terrestrial ecosystems as well as the marine realm, according to analyses of microfossils derived from land plants. Changes in diversity and composition were initially more rapid in terrestrial ecosystems
286365701	Implementing Recommendations in the PATHS System	In this paper we describe the design and implementation of non-personalized recommendations in the PATHS system. This system allows users to explore items from Europeana in new ways. Recommendations of the type “people who viewed this item also viewed this item” are powered by pairs of viewed items mined from Europeana. However, due to limited usage data only 10.3 % of items in the PATHS dataset have recommendations (4.3 % of item pairs visited more than once). Therefore, “related items”, a form of content-based recommendation, are offered to users based on identifying similar items. We discuss some of the problems with implementing recommendations and highlight areas for future work in the PATHS project
286365795	Referral Orders	Referral orders are the standard sentence in England and Wales for children and young people pleading guilty to a first conviction unless the court decides to pass an immediate custodial sentence; an absolute discharge (for some very minor offences); or a hospital order (under mental health legislation). Perhaps the most distinctive feature of the order – other than it being almost mandatory – is that it devolves decisions regarding the content of the order to a panel of community volunteers
82910109	Frameworks for the evaluation of multimedia learning technologies: lessons learned and future directions?	None
593060383	Using genre to explain how children linguistically co-construct make-believe social scenarios in classroom role-play	This paper argues that classroom role-play can be conceptualised theoretically as an oral genre, as defined within Systemic Functional Linguistics (SFL). The work draws on analysis of 15 video-recorded child-led role-plays in which groups of three 4–5 year-old children engage in five different life-like social scenarios. The study is underpinned by SFL register and genre analysis of the children’s interactions, and the findings reveal how the children’s linguistic choices have a direct impact on the dynamically unfolding role-play, and how imaginary scenarios are construed by the instantiation of individual genre stages, some of which serve to regulate the role-play and others that mimic real life social scenarios. The findings suggest that the two different types of stages construe two separate, but interwoven contexts, with the make-believe context often being dependent on the regulative context. The paper offers new insights into the ways in which SFL can reveal nuances in children’s dialogic and dynamic language in play
161526247	Publishing the South and South East Asian Novel in the Global Market	None
200153662	Mapping the complex metastable fragmentation pathways of excited 3-aminophenol+	This work applies the technique of mapping ion detection using a reflectron mass spectrometer against flight-time and reflection voltage to elucidate the complex metastable fragmentation pattern of the biomolecular ion 3-aminophenol+ (3-AP+, C6H7NO+). Multiphoton ionization experiments revealed the excited ion's fragmentation routes for the first time and comparisons with calculated flight-times enabled 18 μs-timescale dissociations to be assigned. These included the rare observation of a double hydrogen loss channel from a fragment ion. Ab initio calculations provided further insights into the most prominent apparent fragmentation sequence: 3-AP+ (m/z 109) → HCO + C5H6N+ (m/z 80) → CNH + C4H5+ (m/z 53) → C2H2 + C2H3+ (m/z 27)
288393405	The Exception of the Norm in the Third Reich: (Re)Reading the Nazi Constitutional State of Exception	None
132847205	Activism in European Pension Funds: Exerting Pressure on Intermediaries	None
161526422	The litigant in person’s tale: despair and dysfunction in the civil justice system of England and Wales	There is a dearth of academic literature and evidence about litigants in person (LiPs), despite their growing numbers. This article is an account of the seven months during which I was an LiP in a low-value breach-of-contract case, interspersed with reflections on the emotional impact of that experience. I hope that, by raising awareness of how LiPs are treated, and proposing some further research, the article may contribute to improving the experiences of future LiPs. Despite my extensive legal education, I found the situation enormously draining, and it resulted in one of the longest periods of stress that I have ever experienced. The intransigence of the defendant company and its legal representative paled into insignificance beside the incompetence of HM Courts and Tribunals Service and the incomprehensibility of official forms and processes. Change is urgently needed if LiPs are not to be denied access to civil justice
428338011	Macroscopic charcoal counts and areas from fours sites in the Western Ghats (India) over the past 1000 years	High-resolution, continuously sampled charcoal records from sedimentary archives are rare in India. These datasets from four forest hollows' sedimentary sequences in an ancient agroforestry system in the Western Ghats, India, comprise the following data: (I) Macroscopic charcoal record (> 150 µm), including the total amount of particles per sample as well as the total area (mm2) of the particles per sample, and (II) Radiometric age dating (radiocarbon and Lead-210) used for depth-age modelling. More detailed information about the charcoal record and the relationships between biomass burning, vegetation change and land-use changes in the context of tropical agroforestry landscapes and sacred groves can be found in the research papers
131317124	Characterising inflations of monotone grid classes of permutations	We characterise those permutation classes whose simple permutations are monotone griddable. This characterisation is obtained by identifying a set of nine substructures, at least one of which must occur in any simple permutation containing a long sum of 21s
131316604	Reproductive behavior of tribal women in Madhya Pradesh	None
156785006	Cost Management and Smart Cities: Evidence from Egypt	None
389421617	British Psychological Society response to the Home Office Violence Against Women and Girls (VAWG) strategy 2021-2024: call for evidence	In this document The British Psychological Society (BPS) presents a response to the Home Office strategy “Tackling violence against women and girls: The plan for 2021 to 2024”. We present a review of key issues of the strategy “Ending Violence against Women and Girls 2016 – 2020” and highlight areas for further recommendation. This document is intended to supplement our initial response to the call for evidence and public survey
131317115	Towards systemic governance of social-biophysical systems: social learning as collaborative performance	It is claimed that ’resilience thinking’ demands new approaches to collaborative planning and design. Watersheds, or river catchments and coastal estuaries help understand how social and biophysical phenomena mutually influence each other over time. Water governance is an increasingly important issue at the same time as several others that are linked to it, including climate change adaptation, energy and food security and biodiversity conservation. Effective governance needs to link up these diverse areas of policy in order to enhance and maintain the quality of biophysical and social processes in which water plays a central role. New challenges demand new ways of thinking and acting. Building on 15 years of research on social learning we have come to think of water or river catchments as a type of theatre in which new and different types of performance have to be developed to meet present and future needs.This paper will present a synthesis of research spanning 15 years that positions social learning as a duality - a governance mechanism and a dynamic, systemic, praxis process able to contribute to situational transformation and the emergence of collaborative performances in multi-stakeholder, or ’wicked’ situations such as water catchments. The paper will explore (i) framing considerations; (ii) modalities of systemic praxis; (iii) the mediating role of institutions and (iv) the implications for resilience discourse and praxis as contributors to systemic governance. We will draw out the different ways in which social, biophysical, and interdisciplinary scholars and practitioners frame, water catchments and their governance and unpack the ethical implications of these framing choices in relation to resilience thinking and practice under varying circumstances; the hybridization of several types of knowledge; as well as philosophical and epistemological considerations
132847203	Using Interpretative Phenomenological Analysis in social work research: a current study	None
131316564	"Get Up, and Shut Up, You Play like Tarzan and Moan like Jane": Rugby Union Men and their Suppression of Body Anxiety	Research has shown that those men who are dissatisfied with their bodies will mask these concerns in sports practices. Accordingly, men’s body dissatisfactions are documented less frequently because the practices drawn upon to conceal them are perceived as routine forms of public masculine behaviour. This paper examines whether a group of British Rugby Union males, aged 18–30 of varied ethnic origins, participating in a 1st XV Team at a British sports university, experience body anxieties and use rugby and health-related sports acts to overcome and conceal them. It moves away from some of the existing methods used in sports research examining men’s body dissatisfactions, as it combines collaborative visual research methods with conventional qualitative methods. All of the rugby men expressed varying degrees of body anxieties and compared their bodies to their teammates whom they perceived to possess better attributes in this domain. Aspects of the rugby masculinity, adeptness, aggression and the tough body were relevant for understanding the development and management of the rugby men’s body anxieties.There were limited intimate dimensions for these men to express their body anxieties in Rugby Union, without ramifications for their masculine identity and sports performance. A competitive culture between the men, led them to use the sport, and health-related acts, to conceal and work to overcome their body anxieties. Visual research methods combined with conventional qualitative methods made it easier for these men to verbalise their body anxieties in more intimate dimensions. More research is needed to examine these dimensions as they are significant for understanding rugby men’s body anxieties and the impact their relationships with other rugby men have to these concerns. The implications are that visual research methods could be used in sports research, as they can assist in encouraging other sportsmen to express these types of concerns. Furthermore, they could help to understand the unnatural extremes in the sporting body; the drugs and over-exercise which may be used to produce these extreme effects
323987590	The Social Construction of Quality Diabetes Care Appointments in Primary Care by Adults with Mild-to-Moderate Learning Disabilities, Their Supporters and Healthcare Professionals	Questions have been raised over the quality of healthcare including primary care diabetes services for adults with learning disabilities.  Despite numerous proposals and policies aimed at improving the quality of healthcare services for people with learning disabilities, little is known about what constitutes quality care from the perspective of key stakeholders.  This thesis aimed to: i) explore the social construction of ‘quality care’ in terms of diabetes primary care appointments by adults with mild-to-moderate learning disabilities, those who support their diabetes management and healthcare professionals; ii) reveal any similarities and differences in the ways in which these different stakeholders constructed quality care; and iii) explore the social construction of responsibility for the provision of quality diabetes care appointments for this population.  A discursive psychological analysis was conducted on twenty semi-structured interviews: eight adults with mild-to-moderate learning disabilities and diabetes, seven supporters and five healthcare professionals.The research demonstrated that different stakeholders drew on some common ideas to construct quality diabetes care appointments, notably that appointments should fulfil their purpose, stakeholders should fulfil their respective roles and responsibilities and that successful appointments are informed by medical and/or experiential knowledge.  Stakeholders also drew on differential repertoires around the relationship between independence and quality diabetes care and practicalities and constraints in the provision of quality diabetes care.  Different stakeholders were constructed as having different responsibilities.  People with learning disabilities were often positioned as having a limited level of responsibility whilst others were positioned as accountable.  Quality care was flexibly constructed to perform identity management for the speaker, to attribute responsibility and to justify care which deviated from recommended quality guidance for diabetes care.  Likewise, responsibility for quality care was flexibly taken up and attributed.  The findings of this thesis have implications for ongoing discussions about the nature of quality care for people with learning disabilities in diabetes services and beyond
82972400	Signorelli's Court of Pan: a search for the subject of a familiar masterpiece	Despite attracting a great deal of scholarly interest, there remains a lack of consensus over the theme of Signorelli’s Court of Pan. The current article reviews a wide range of the interpretations of this painting that have been developed in recent scholarship and highlights a number of problems with these interpretations. A new interpretation of the theme of the painting is then advanced in which it is argued that the six figures depicted in the painting represent characters from Longus’ Daphnis and Chloe. It is argued that the six figures divide into two groups representing two scenes from Longus’ pastoral romance. The article concludes with the suggestion that Signorelli may have been aided in the development of the theme of the painting by Angelo Poliziano
131316760	Very large release of mostly volcanic carbon during the Palaeocene-Eocene Thermal Maximum	The Palaeocene–Eocene Thermal Maximum (PETM) was a global warming event that occurred about 56 million years ago, and is commonly thought to have been driven primarily by the destabilization of carbon from surface sedimentary reservoirs such as methane hydrates. However, it remains controversial whether such reservoirs were indeed the source of the carbon that drove the warming. Resolving this issue is key to understanding the proximal cause of the warming, and to quantifying the roles of triggers versus feedbacks. Here we present boron isotope data—a proxy for seawater pH—that show that the ocean surface pH was persistently low during the PETM. We combine our pH data with a paired carbon isotope record in an Earth system model in order to reconstruct the unfolding carbon-cycle dynamics during the event. We find strong evidence for a much larger (more than 10,000 petagrams)—and, on average, isotopically heavier— carbon source than considered previously. This leads us to identify volcanism associated with the North Atlantic Igneous Province, rather than carbon from a surface reservoir, as the main driver of the PETM. This finding implies that climate- driven amplification of organic carbon feedbacks probably played only a minor part in driving the event. However, we find that enhanced burial of organic matter seems to have been important in eventually sequestering the released carbon and accelerating the recovery of the Earth system
82981569	Jiddat al Harasis 556: A howardite impact melt breccia with an H chondrite component	A petrographic and geochemical study was undertaken to characterize Jiddat al Harasis (JaH) 556, a howardite find from the Sultanate of Oman. JaH 556 is a polymict impact melt breccia containing highly shocked clasts, including mosaicized olivine and recrystallized plagioclase, set in a finely recrystallized vesicular matrix (grain diameter 76-92) and clinopyroxene (En48-62Wo7-15) are associated with orthopyroxene and olivine clasts like in a howardite. JaH 556 oxygen isotope data indicate that it has an anomalous bulk-rock composition as howardite, resulting from a mixture between HED material and at least one second reservoir characterized by a higher Δ17O. The bulk meteorite has a composition consistent with howardites, but it is enriched in siderophile elements (Ni = 3940 and Co = 159 ppm) arguing for a chondritic material as second reservoir. This is independently confirmed by the occurrence of chondrule relics composed of olivine (Fo56-80), orthopyroxene (En79Wo2), and plagioclase (An61-66). Based on oxygen isotopic signature, siderophile composition, and chondrule core Mg number (Fo80 and En79Wo2), it is proposed that JaH 556 is a howardite containing approximately 20% H chondrite material. This percentage is high compared with that observed petrographically, likely because chondritic material dissolved in the impact melt. This conclusion is supported by the observed reaction of orthopyroxene to olivine, which is consistent with a re-equilibration in a Si-undersaturated melt. JaH 556's unique composition enlarges the spectrum of howardite-analogs to be expected on the surface of 4 Vesta. Our data demonstrate that oxygen isotopic anomalies can be produced by a mixture of indigenous and impactor materials and must be interpreted with extreme caution within the HED group
82977403	Negotiating multiple positionalities in the interview setting: researching across gender and generational boundaries	This article explores the multiple positionalities that were negotiated during qualitative interviews conducted with older British men who are grandfathers, by a young female early career researcher. Gender, and other methodological challenges negotiated by researchers of men and masculinities have been critiqued, but negotiations of age and generational differences in the field remain scant, despite recognition that age also structures socially constructed and spatially experienced identities. Including reflections on personal research experiences, the article outlines the need for explicit critical attention by geographers to the influence of the fluid intersectional identities of the researcher/researched on research experiences in the field and research outcomes
82924241	Social marketing to a minority community – developing communication narratives that resonate	Developing marketing communications that are meaningful to minority ethnic groups can be challenging. This paper presents the qualitative findings of feedback from a minority ethnic community amongst whom the author tested some case studies to be used as the basis for social marketing communications to be used as part of a health promotion campaign aimed at their community. These materials are based on evidence gathered in a previous stage of this research. The target audiences for this campaign are British Pakistani cardiac patients and members of their social networks. The behaviour being targeted is the provision of social support for these patients and patients’ management of such support
82909837	Harmed by work or developing through work?  Issues in the study of psychosocial impacts	About the book: Working to be Someone presents an overview of worldwide research on working children that considers children's own views of employment in favour of adult-constructed arguments about child work.This book brings together contributions by internationally renowned researchers who are committed to a 'subject-orientated' approach as well as views and observations of activists from organizations that either work with child labour or support working children's movements. Chapters examine the traditionally widespread care and domestic work carried out by children, discuss localized explorations of working children - for example in Morocco, India and Europe - as well as consider work as a means for children to contribute economically to the family. Contributors also discuss children's movements and organizations in Africa, Asia and South America that claim work as a necessity for survival as well as a key to children's own agency and citizenship.This book is a key text for both academics and social work practitioners that encourages re-evaluation of the notion of childhood and understands the complex phenomenon of working children
82975390	Key principles in assessing students' practice based learning	Assessing student learning in the practice setting is one of the most sophisticated and complex forms of evaluation undertaken by registered nurses. The Nursing and Midwifery Council sets standards relating to learning and assessment in practice, focusing on professional values, communication and interpersonal skills, nursing practice, decision making, leadership, management and teamworking. Assessment needs to include evaluation of skill (technical, psychomotor and interpersonal), attitudes and insights, and reasoning. As assessment of student learning is conducted in the practice setting, risks have to be managed, and targets and service standards met. Therefore, it is understandable that mentors may express doubts about their ability to assess student learning rigorously and fairly. It is particularly challenging for mentors to state confidently what represents a demonstration of learning and competence when asked to decide whether a student is fit to practise
82981474	Protective effect of the multitarget compound DPH-4 on human SSAO/VAP-1-expressing hCMEC/D3 cells under oxygen-glucose deprivation conditions, an in vitro experimental model of cerebral ischemia.	BACKGROUND AND PURPOSEStroke and Alzheimer's disease (AD) are related pathologies in which the cerebrovascular system is involved. Semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase/vascular adhesion protein-1 (SSAO/VAP-1), increased in both stroke and AD patients' plasma, contributes to the vascular damage. During inflammation its enzymatic activity mediates leukocyte recruitment into the injured tissue, inducing damage in the blood-brain barrier (BBB) and neuronal tissue. We hypothesized that through the alteration of cerebrovascular function, SSAO/VAP-1 might play a role in the stroke-AD transition. Therefore, the protective effect on the BBB of the novel multitarget-directed ligand (MTDL) DPH-4, initially designed for AD therapy, was evaluated.EXPERIMENTAL APPROACHA human microvascular brain endothelial cell line expressing the human SSAO/VAP-1 (hCMEC/D3 hSSAO/VAP-1) was generated, as SSAO/VAP-1 expression is lost in cultured cells. To simulate ischemic damage, oxygen and glucose deprivation (OGD) and reoxygenation conditions were established in these cells. The protective role of DPH-4 was then evaluated in the presence of methylamine as an SSAO/VAP-1 substrate and/or β-amyloid (Aβ).KEY RESULTSUnder these conditions, DPH-4 was able to protect brain endothelial cells from OGD and reoxygenation-induced damage, as well as to decrease SSAO-dependent leukocyte adhesion. DPH-4 was also effective against the damage induced by OGD and reoxygenation in the presence of Aβ as a model of AD pathology.CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONSThese results allow us to conclude that the multitarget compound DPH-4 might provide a therapeutic benefit to delay the onset and/or progression of these two linked neurological pathologies
82909783	Correlation of the Deccan and Rajahmundry Trap lavas: Are these the longest and largest lava flows on Earth?	We propose that the Rajahmundry Trap lavas, found near the east coast of peninsular India, are remnants of the longest lava flows yet recognized on Earth (c.1000 km long). These outlying Deccan-like lavas are shown to belong to the main Deccan Traps. Several previous studies have already suggested this correlation, but have not demonstrated it categorically. The exposed Rajahmundry lavas are interpreted to be the distal parts of two very-large-volume pāhoehoe flow fields, one each from the Ambenali and Mahabaleshwar Formations of the Wai Sub-group in the Deccan Basalt Group. Eruptive conditions required to emplace such long flows are met by plausible values for cooling and eruption rates, and this is shown by applying a model for the formation of inflated pāhoehoe sheet flow lobes. The model predicts flow lobe thicknesses similar to those observed in the Rajahmundry lavas. For the last 400 km of flow, the lava flows were confined to the pre-existing Krishna valley drainage system that existed in the basement beyond the edge of the gradually expanding Deccan lava field, allowing the flows to extend across the subcontinent to the eastern margin where they were emplaced into a littoral and/or shallow marine environment. These lavas and other individual flow fields in the Wai Sub-group may exceed eruptive volumes of 5000 km3, which would place them amongst the largest magnitude effusive eruptive units yetknown.We suggest that the length of flood basalt lava flows on Earth is restricted mainly by the size of land masses and topography. In the case of the Rajahmundry lavas, the flows reached estuaries and the sea, where their advance was perhaps effectively terminated by cooling and/or disruption. However, it is only during large igneous province basaltic volcanism that such huge volumes of lava are erupted in single events, and when the magma supply rate is sufficiently high and maintained to allow the formation of very long lava flows. The Rajahmundry lava fields were emplaced around 65 Ma during the later times of Deccan volcanism, probably just after the K/T environmental crisis. However, many lava-forming eruptions of similar magnitude and style straddled the K/T boundary
426874719	Professional written voice ‘in flux’: the case of social work	Contemporary professional social work can be characterised by increased ‘textualisation’ (after Iedema and Scheeres 2003) with written texts mediating most action. At the same time, writing, as a key dimension to social workers’ practice and labour, is often institutionally unacknowledged, becoming visible primarily when identified as a ‘problem’. This paper draws on a three year nationally funded UK-based research project to offer a situated account of contemporary professional social work writing, challenging dominant institutional orientations to writing in professional practice. The paper outlines the specific ways in which social work practices, including writing, can be characterised as being ‘in flux’.  Drawing on ethnographic data and adopting a Bakhtinian (1981,1986) oriented approach to ‘voice’, the paper explores the entextualisation of three specific social work texts, focusing in particular on ‘critical moments’ (after Candlin 1987, Candlin 1997). These critical moments offer insights into key problematics of social work writing, in particular the tensions around professional voice and discourse. The paper concludes by arguing for an articulation of professional social work writing which takes account of the dialogic nature of language and the discoursal challenges experienced in everyday practice
82975369	Aboutness from a commonsense perspective	Information retrieval (IR) is driven by a process that decides whether a document is about a query. Recent attempts spawned from a logic-based information retrieval theory have formalized properties characterizing “aboutness,” but no consensus has yet been reached. The proposed properties are largely determined by the underlying framework within which aboutness is defined. In addition, some properties are only sound within the context of a given IR model, but are not sound from the perspective of the user. For example, a common form of aboutness, namely overlapping aboutness, implies precision degrading properties such as compositional monotonicity. Therefore, the motivating question for this article is: independent of any given IR model, and examined within an information-based, abstract framework, what are commonsense properties of aboutness (and its dual, nonaboutness)? We propose a set of properties characterizing aboutness and nonaboutness from a commonsense perspective. Special attention is paid to the rules prescribing conservative behavior of aboutness with respect to information composition. The interaction between aboutness and nonaboutness is modeled via normative rules. The completeness, soundness, and consistency of the aboutness proof systems are analyzed and discussed. A case study based on monotonicity shows that many current IR systems are either monotonic or nonmonotonic. An interesting class of IR models, namely those that are conservatively monotonic, is identified
82909811	Reorienting the Business School agenda: the case for relevance, rigor, and righteousness	This article contributes to the current debate regarding management education and research. It frames the current business school critique as a paradox regarding the arguments for ‘self-interest’ versus ‘altruism’ as human motives. Based on this, a typology of management with four representative types labeled: unguided, altruistic, egoistic, and righteous is developed. It is proposed that the path to the future of management education and research might be found by relegitimizing the ‘altruistic’ spirit of the classics of the great Axial Age (900-200 BCE) and marrying those ideas with the self-interest ideal of mainstream management theories based on economics. By advocating this, a business school agenda that is simultaneously rigorous, relevant, and righteous is promoted
82909774	A co-operative scenario based approach to acquisition and validation of system requirements: How exceptions can help!	Scenarios, in most situations, are descriptions of required interactions between a desired system and its environment, which detail normative system behaviour. Our studies of current scenario use in requirements engineering have revealed that there is considerable interest in the use of scenarios for acquisition, elaboration and validation of system requirements. However, scenarios have seldom been used to study inappropriate or exceptional system behaviour. To account for non-normative or undesired system behaviour, it is vital to predict (‘what can go wrong’) and explore the existence or occurrence of ‘exceptions’ in a scenario when the system1 might be prevented from delivering the required service. Identification of exceptions and inclusion of additional requirements to prevent their occurrence or mitigate their effects yield robust and fault-tolerant design solutions.In this article, we present a prototype software tool called CREWS–SAVRE for systematic scenario generation and use. We describe the innovative features of the tool and demonstrate them with an example of tool’s use. Further, we have identified three kinds of exceptions: generic, permutation and problem exceptions, and have derived complex taxonomies of problem exceptions. We have populated SAVRE with the taxonomies of generic, permutation and problem exceptions. The exceptions can be chosen by the requirements engineer to include them in the generated scenarios to explore the correctness and completeness of requirements. In addition, the taxonomies of problem exceptions can also serve as checklists and help a requirements engineer to predict non-normative system behaviour in a scenario
188345894	Accidents Have No Cure! Road Death as Industrial Catastrophe in Eastern Africa	This article offers an anthropological critique of the recent epidemiological turn in global road safety through ethnographic attention to the ways in which people in East Africa actually discuss fatal road traffic accidents. Through limiting case studies of professional drivers in Kenya and Tanzania, this article examines the conceptual ethics of continuing to draw upon the ‘accidental’ in explanations of road death and injury. Might the epidemiological turn eventually encourage new forms of tolerance to road deaths and injuries? In focusing on this question, it is argued that an approach more attentive to road fatalities as a diffuse, but routine industrial catastrophe more acutely exposes the politics of automobility and its uncertainties
82909807	Activity-based scenarios for and approaches to ubiquitous e-Learning	This paper presents scenarios for ubiquitous e-Learning in heterogeneous networks. It concludes by arguing for the development of a learning-focused analogue, activity-based e-Learning extensions (ABLE), of activity-based computing (ABC). The goal would be to offer the learning-support/performance-support equivalent of ABC’s support for human activities in a ubiquitous computing environment, relevant to areas that are hard to model today: informal on-the-job learning; peer-to-peer support and informal sharing of content in ad hoc work groups; formal and informal ways to capture and share knowledge-focused insights and processes; content and systems to aid reflection. Just as ABC supplements traditional computing approaches (in ABC, data- and application-oriented) to suit ‘multiple, parallel and mobile work activities’ (Bardram et al. in Support for ABC in a personal computing operating system. CHI 2006 proceedings. Montréal, Québec, Canada, 22–27 April 2006, pp 211–220), so ABLE could supplement traditional e-learning approaches (often largely content-focused, sometimes little more than page-turning) to suit those same work activities, and make e-Learning potentially more resilient to interruptions, more fun and more memorable
82975335	Pseudopillow fracture systems in lavas: insights into cooling mechanisms and environments from lava flow fractures	Detailed field observations of structures within the flow front of a Holocene trachyandesite lava from Snæfellsnes, Iceland, are presented. The lava provides exceptional three dimensional exposure of complex brittle and ductile deformation textures that record processes of lavafracture and quenching driven by external water.The flow front interior is characterised by structures consisting of a large (metre-scale) curviplanar master fracture with many smaller (centimetre-scale) subsidiary fractures perpendicular to the master fracture. Such structures have previously been recognised in a range of lava compositions from basalt to dacite and called pseudopillows or pseudopillowfractures. We propose the term pseudopillowfracturesystems to emphasise the consistent package of different fracture types occurring together. All documented occurrences of pseudopillowfracturesystems are in lavas that have been inferred to interact with an aqueous coolant (i.e. liquid water, ice or snow).We use fracture surface textures and their orientation in relation to flow banding to identify three distinct types of master fracture and two types of subsidiary fractures. Master fracture surface textures used to identify fracture mechanisms include chisel marks (striae), cavitation dimples, river lines and rough/smooth fracture surface textures. These indicate both brittle and ductile fracture happening on different types of master fracture. Chisel marks on subsidiary fractures indicate comparative cooling rates, cooling directions and isotherm orientations at the time of fracture. We propose a model for pseudopillowfracturesystem formation taking into account all the various fracture types, textures and fracture propagation mechanisms and discuss their implications for interaction mechanisms between lavaflows and external coolants
82981872	The future of digital methods for complex datasets	Seeking to challenge the focus on 'big data' by understanding it outside of the computational power required to process it, this volume explores the role of digital methods in the future of digital humanities research. The essays are united by the theme of complexity---but manifest that complexity across an unusual spectrum. The methods included rise out of fields of study including library and information science, informatics, literary studies, English, and computer science. Sources explored include traditional national archives, international web archives, medieval musical scores, digitised books, early modern network ontologies and educational data/learning analytics. These essays discuss the practical implications of web scraping, the implications of creating new scholarly objects, the importance of documentation and the intricacies of applying topic modelling and linked open data methods. Together, the volume suggests that the humanities comfort with multiplicities, contingency, and uncertainty in sources may lend itself to resisting the reductionism that makes technical projects easier to manage, flattening messy, human data into neat binaries. These essays remind us that their results must be contextualised through scholars' knowledge of the sources and the methods by which they came to be constructed not just as as 'big data' datasets
82921926	Safety assessment post-licensure	About the book:This publication covers all aspects of new vaccine development from the preclinical stage to licensing. It contains discussions about the preclinical testing which is necessary to obtain permission to test a new vaccine in clinical trials and to organize a clinical plan that will demonstrate the safety and efficacy of a new vaccine. In addition, some aspects of newer strategies, such as DNA immunization, are presented as well as a number of theoretical issues relating to vaccination, such as immunological correlates of protection, interference with immune responses, combination of vaccines, and the natural history of disease. Much attention is devoted to the proof of efficacy, a process which is both expensive and complicated. This volume is important reading for all scientists interested in vaccine development, especially those working in industry, government and public health authorities
82975313	Fuel mix diversification incentives in liberalized electricity markets: a Mean–Variance Portfolio theory approach	Monte Carlo simulations of gas, coal and nuclear plant investment returns are used as inputs of a Mean– Variance Portfolio optimization to identify optimal base load generation portfolios for large electricity generators in liberalized electricity markets. We study the impact of fuel, electricity, and CO2 price risks and their degree of correlation on optimal plant portfolios. High degrees of correlation between gas and electricity prices – as observed in most European markets – reduce gas plant risks and make portfolios dominated by gas plant more attractive. Long-term power purchase contracts and/or a lower cost of capital can rebalance optimal portfolios towards more diversified portfolios with larger shares of nuclear and coal plants
82979712	Book reviewMingdi Yan, Olof Ramstrom (Eds.), Molecular Imprinted Materials: Science and Technology, Dekker, New York, 728 pp., ISBN 0-8247-5353-4.	Molecular imprinting and its related technology is rapidly growing, and the increased interest in this field has led to several publications over the past few years. Molecular Imprinted Materials: Science and Technology (edited Mingdi Yan, Olof Ramstrom, 2005, Dekker, Madison Ave., New York, NY 10016, USA. ISBN 0-8247-5353-4) is the latest of these textbooks and is aimed at both new readers who wish to be introduced to the field, and those already working in it. In both cases it serves as an efficient guide to the various forms of imprinting; covering techniques used; the positives, negatives and challenges, as well as giving decent practical advice on how to overcome common problems
82911816	Morphisms and minimal models for OBJSA nets	OBJSA nets are a design specifications language for distributed systems, combining the specification language OBJ with Superposed Automata (SA) nets. The paper introduces the notions of morphism and isomorphism for OBJSA net systems and shows that any OBJSA net system can be reduced to a unique minimal model. This allows the definition of equivalence classes of OBJSA models. A net semantics for OBJSA net systems, in terms of 1-safe SA net systems, and algebraic semantics, in terms of OBJ3 objects, are given and it is proved that all the unfoldings, and, respectively, all the algebraic specifications of OBJSA models belonging to the same class are isomorphic
82977688	Forests of the tropical eastern Andean flank during the middle pleistocene	Inter-bedded volcanic and organic sediments from Erazo (Ecuador) indicate the presence of four different forest assemblages on the eastern Andean flank during the middle Pleistocene. Radiometric dates (40Ar–39Ar) obtained fromthe volcanic ash indicate that deposition occurred between 620,000 and 192,000 years ago. Examination of the organic sediment composition and the fossil pollen, wood and charcoal it contains provides insight into depositional environment, vegetation assemblage and fire history. The high organic content and abundance of macro fossils found throughout the sediment suggest that during the period of deposition the local environment was either a swamp or a shallow water body. The correlation of fire activity (peaks in charcoal abundance) with volcanic ash deposits through most of the record suggests that volcanoes were the main source of ignition. The low abundance of grass (typically Alnus-Arecaceae, ii) Miconia-Melastomataceae/Combretaceae-Moraceae/Urticaceae, iii) Arecaceae-Alnus, and iv) Podocarpus with Oreopanax sp. and Melastomataceae/Combretaceae. Changes in the forest floristic composition indicate high vegetation turnover and reassortment of taxa between upper and lower montane forests during the middle Pleistocene as well as the persistence of forest cover
82977694	GCP18: New forms of assessment for social TEL environments	Our current model for the assessment of learning is primarily summative and individual, firmly bound to hierarchical education structures. This model was developed when knowledge was not abundantly available, when groups of learners were taught and examined at the same time in the same physical location, when teaches and learners were clearly differentiated and when online collaboration and publication were unknown. As new models of learning have been widely adopted, this model of assessment is no longer fit for purpose. A new model is required which takes into account the changes in learning and teaching that have taken place during the last decade
82921913	Curriculum, practice and competencies in professional qualification: exploring the quality assurance implications	None
82979403	Supporting informal design with interactive whiteboards	Whiteboards serve an important role in supporting informal design, providing a fluid and flexible medium for collaborative design. Interactive whiteboards offer the potential for enhanced support for manipulating content, managing sketches, and distributed work, but little is known about how this support affects the practice of informal design. To understand the opportunities and challenges, we first conducted a literature review, identifying 14 behaviors that occur during informal design. We then designed an interactive whiteboard system to support all of these behaviors and deployed the system to three groups of designers. Through usage logs and interviews, we examined the effects of interactivity on whiteboard use across a wide spectrum of design behaviors, identifying ways in which interactive whiteboards support the practices used in physical whiteboards and where they enable designers to work more effectively
82979716	Surface functionalization of porous polypropylene membranes with polyaniline for protein immobilization	Commercial porous polypropylene membranes were chemically modified with polyaniline (PANI) using ammonium persulfate as the oxidizer. The influence of polymerization conditions on the membrane properties was studied by adsorption analysis and membrane permeability. The PANI-coated polypropylene (PANI/PP) membranes possessed high affinity toward the proteins, which can be immobilized onto the membrane surface through physical adsorption or covalent immobilization. The quantity of immobilized horseradish peroxidase (HRP) and its activity depended on the quantity and quality (oxidation level) of PANI. The storage conditions for PANI/PP membranes containing immobilized HRP were studied. HRP immobilized on the PANI/PP membrane was shown to retain 70% of its activity after 3-month storage at +5°C, suggesting that this material can be used for practical application, such as in bioreactors as enzyme membranes
82911812	Voice groupware to support students at a distance	None
82909748	An efficient numerical terrestrial scheme (ENTS) for Earth system modelling	We present a minimal spatial model of vegetation carbon, soil carbon and soil water storage and the exchange of energy, water and carbon with the atmosphere. The efficient numerical terrestrial scheme (ENTS) is designed for long time period simulations and large ensemble studies in Earth system models of intermediate complexity (EMICs). ENTS includes new parameterisations of vegetation fractional cover and roughness length as functions of vegetation carbon, and a relationship between soil carbon storage and soil water holding capacity. We make and justify the approximation that when the solar forcing is a diurnal average, as in our EMIC, the land radiation balance equilibrates with the atmosphere within a few days. This allows us to solve directly for equilibrium land temperature, making ENTS very computationally efficient and avoiding problems of numerical instability that beset many land surface schemes. We tune the carbon cycle parameters towards observed values of global carbon storage in vegetation and soil and estimated global fluxes of net photosynthesis, vegetation respiration, leaf litt
82911754	Contextualizing the global development and innovation challenge	Keynote Address
82981243	'You can't move in Hackney without bumping into an anthropologist': why certain places attract research attention	In social research some places and populations are disproportionately targeted by researchers. While relatively little work exists on the concept of over-research those accounts that do exist tend to focus on participant-based research relationships and not place-based research relationships. Using interdisciplinary approaches and fieldwork experiences from a recently completed qualitative study of urban multiculture in England we develop the over-research debates in three key ways. First, the notion of ‘over-research’ carries negative connotations and we reflect on these as well as the possibility of more nuanced readings of research encounters. Second, we develop a more relational analysis, in which place – the London Borough of Hackney – is understood to be an animating force in the research process. Third, we argue that our experiences of the research provide evidence that many of the participants in the project were adept and confident in their engagements with the research process. In this way, the article suggests, disproportionate research attention may foster not research fatigue but a more knowing and co-productive research relationship
82910048	Piloting a new approach: Making use of new technology to present a distance lerning computer science course?	Computer-Mediated Communication (CMC) systems have been described and evaluated in a number of ways by different researchers in the field. This paper proposes that computer conferencing systems should be designed to encourage students to participate in three dimensions previously treated by separate researchers. These can be summarised as a knowledge dimension, a social dimension and a motivational dimension. This paper reports on how one particular conference, that of M205-STILE, was constructed to take account of these dimensions and to facilitate students' computer-supported co-operative learning
82922393	Ethical and Philosophical Aspects of Nursing Children and Young People	Nurses and healthcare professionals are constantly faced with ethical and philosophical dilemmas when working with children in everyday practice. Ethical and Philosophical Aspects of Nursing Children and young people is a comprehensive text on the ethics and philosophy behind paediatric nursing, that reflects some of the contemporary issues encountered while working with children and young people. This important new book provides a philosophical and historical analysis of the subject, looking at a review of sociological and political theories concerning the nature of childhood, and providing a critical analysis of contemporary notions about childhood. It then goes on to look at moral theories and their application to paediatric nursing practice, ethical issues when caring for children of all ages, from infancy to adolescence. It looks at issues of disabled children, confidentiality, mental health issues, children’s rights, and pain management. With case studies and activities throughout, this book will enable students and newly qualified nurses both to understand philosophical concepts and issues but also to articulate their own reflections and observations on these subjects
286186703	Gamification: What it is, and how to fight it	‘Gamification’ is understood as the application of game systems – competition, rewards, quantifying player/user behaviour – into non-game domains, such as work, productivity and fitness. Such practices are deeply problematic as they represent the capture of ‘play’ in the pursuit of neoliberal rationalization and the managerial optimization of working life and labour. However, applying games and play to social life is also central to the Situationist International, as a form of resistance against the regularity and standardization of everyday behaviour. In this article, the authors distinguish between two types of gamification: first, ‘gamification-from-above’, involving the optimization and rationalizing of work practices by management; and second, ‘gamification-from-below’, a form of active resistance against control at work. Drawing on Autonomism and Situationism, the authors argue that it is possible to transform non-games into games as resistance, rather than transferring game elements out of playful contexts and into managerial ones. Since the original ‘gamification’ term is now lost, the authors develop the alternative conception as a practice that supports workers, rather than one used to adapt behaviour to capital. The article concludes with a renewed call for this ‘gamification-from-below’, which is an ideal form of resistance against gamification-from-above and its capture of play in pursuit of work
187751196	Emerging Threats for the Human Element and Countermeasures in Current Cyber Security Landscape	The chapter presents an overview of emerging issues in the psychology of human behaviour and the evolving nature of cyber threats. It reflects on the role of social engineering as the entry point of many sophisticated attacks and highlights the relevance of the human element as the starting point of implementing cyber security programmes in organisations as well as securing individual online behaviour. Issues associated with the emerging trends in human behaviour research and ethics are presented for further discussion. The chapter concludes with a set of open research questions warranting immediate academic attention to avoid the exponential growth of information breaches in the future
161526175	The Brüstle and Eli Lilly cases: Creation—God or humankind?	None
82912099	Children and divorce: A private affair	None
82979706	Nucleoside-tailored molecularly imprinted polymeric nanoparticles (MIP NPs)	MIP NPs represent one of the current most suitable alternatives to antibodies for molecular recognition and diagnostic applications. Here we present the synthesis of MIP NPs imprinted for 2′-deoxyadenosine (dA) prepared using for the first time a modified polymerizable 2′-deoxyuridine complementary residue. We demonstrate that the introduction of this modified monomer results in an increase of the affinity of the produced MIP NPs, without altering their physical properties such as size, shape, or dispersibility. The imprinted NPs have shown the ability to specifically recognize dA, whereas no imprinting effect was observed for 2′-deoxyguanosine (dG) or deoxycytidine (dC). The results suggest that such monomers (and their phosphoramidites) could be used in the synthesis of oligomer or longer DNA sequences for potentially producing hybrid MIP–DNA materials with improved recognition performance
161526242	Surface properties of poly(bisphenol-A-carbonate)	The work presented in this thesis consists of several strands: (a) the development of a technique to measure surface free energies of amorphous polymers (b) an investigation of chemical polishing and c) the problems of injection moulded polycarbonate. Grooves inscribed in an amorphous polymer surface change in dimensions on thermal annealing, and this change observed by interferometry forms the basis of the surface free energy measurement technique. Stringent temperature control and accurate temperature monitoring during thermal annealing is an essential feature of this technique. A surface free energy of approximately 0.121 J m-2 (121 ergs cm-2) at 174°C was measured for polycarbonate using this method. An increase in the polishing temperature the thinning rate but not the extent of polishing position of the sample during polishing was found rate of the viscous layer and hence polishing and was found to increase or etching. The to affect the growth etching phases. An activation energy of 26.0 kJ (mol)-1 was measured for the thinning process.A high degree of molecular orientation and residual stress (a major reason for premature mechanical failure) was primarily attributed to cold moulding and poor mould design coupled with inadequate testing of, the finished product. The high birefringence observed in the moulding was predominantly attributed to molecular orientation and residual stress
82972015	Structure amongst the modules: Lévi-Strauss and cognitive theorizing about religion	Cognitivism in the anthropology of religion and religious studies is an approach to religion that appeals to evolved or selected architectures of cognition from which theories of-and explanations for-religion, can be generated. Cognitive approaches to religion are hardly new, though today, cognitive theory draws upon an evidence base heavily influenced by the insights of evolutionary psychology. The writings of scholars such as Dan Sperber, Pascal Boyer and Ilkka Pyysiäinen are defining this new field of research into religion. In this essay I want to consider the place of Claude Lévi-Strauss in relation to this 'cognitive turn' in the study of religion (Jensen 2009: 145). Lévi-Strauss' work has been described as an approach that 'we could call cognitivist today' (Hénaff 1998: 119) but I will argue that his cognitively oriented writings on religion lead-though not unequivocally-to an alternative theory of the mind to that posed by evolutionary psychology
156785047	Re-coding Black Mirror Chairs' Welcome & Organization	This volume of proceedings presents the papers from the 2nd edition of the interdisciplinary workshop Re-coding Black Mirror, held on April 24, 2018 in Lyon, France and co-located with The WEB Conference (WWW2018). Participating to the topical debate of data ethics and algorithmic governance, Re-coding Black Mirror offers the research community tools to reflect on its role in the construction of the technological future and the potential societal implications. The workshop becomes a venue for computer scientists, data scientists and social scientists to create bridges of knowledge. The complexity of the societal phenomena emerging from the development in web technologies urge for interdisciplinary collaboration. Following the slightly futuristic approach to technology of the British-made sci-fi series Black Mirror, we called scientists to create their dystopic scenarios developed from their own existing technologies. Through this thought experiment, researchers considered potential ethical and social risks of technological advancements offering in some cases possible solutions
82906531	E-learning initiatives in a distributed organisation: development and evaluation issues	This paper describes both the development of an on-line learning resource to provide those interested in systems thinking with a set of interactive tutorials for developing diagramming knowledge and skills and a framework for evaluating such initiatives. The package, developed using an industry-standard animation package, is based upon the diagramming techniques taught on Open University Systems courses and is publicly available on the web (see  http://systems.open.ac.uk   and follow the Resources and Diagramming Teaching links)
82972404	Sexual subjectification and Bitchy Jones's Diary	This paper presents the reflections of two academics on the blog Bitchy Jones's Diary (2006-2010), particularly its considerations of dominant femininity within the UK kink communities. Weaving together excerpts from the blog with our own dialogues, we consider the potentials of such a voice from within the communities in relation to more academic explorations. Specifically we focus on the relationship between Bitchy Jones's arguments and our own understandings of limited sexualised femininities available within wider culture, the place of agency within these, and the potentials for mutual recognition within both kinky, and non-kinky, relationships
334962139	Using a Computer-Based Game to Improve Public Attitudes towards Electric Vehicles	None
84342291	How useful is research on teaching? A response to Brown	None
82902917	A simplified model of the Martian atmosphere - Part 2: a POD-Galerkin analysis	In Part I of this study Whitehouse et al. (2005) performed a diagnostic analysis of a simplied model of the Martian atmosphere, in which topography was absent and in which heating was modelled as Newtonian relaxation towards a zonally symmetric equilibrium temperature field. There we derived a reduced-order approximation to the vertical and the horizonal structure of the baroclinically unstable Martian atmosphere, retaining only the barotropic mode and the leading order baroclinic modes. Our objectives in Part II of the study are to incorporate these approximations into a Proper Orthogonal Decomposition-Galerkin expansion of the spherical quasi-geostrophic model in order to derive hierarchies of nonlinear ordinary differential equations for the time-varying coefficients of the spatial structures. Two different vertical truncations are considered, as well as three different norms and 3 different Galerkin truncations. We investigate each in turn, using tools from bifurcation theory, to determine which of the systems most closely resembles the data for which the original diagnostics were performed
151394034	Editorial from the outgoing editors of psychology & sexuality	None
82972392	Short stories in the academy: mimesis, diegesis and the role of drama and film	The new prominence of authors teaching creative writing in the academy might have seemed unlikely given a critical context which railed against the influence of authors in interpretation. This discussion suggests reasons for an unlikely coalescence between theory and practice, and considers how situating the study of writing within the academy might have affected the short form, giving rise to more mimetic, less diegetic types of story and certain fashions in narrative style, ones often related to drama and film. The discussion considers the workshop vogue for the second person narrative, examining a story by Lorrie Moore; it investigates filmic influences including Eisenstein’s theories of montage; and compares two versions of the same Raymond Carver story. In conclusion, consideration of such influences and methods, those arising from the poetics of restraint prevailing in the workshop, are viewed in relation to a brief original story
82902944	Elastic strains around cracked cold-expanded fastener holes measured using the synchrotron X-ray diffraction technique	In this work, the capability of the synchrotron X-ray diffraction technique to measure changes in the residual strains caused by fatigue crack growth from cold-expanded holes in an aluminium alloy plate has been investigated. The measurement technique was validated by comparing the synchrotron measurements around uncracked holes with those obtained on similar specimens using the neutron diffraction and Sachs' techniques. Measurements were performed with and without superimposed tensile mechanical loading and the results compared with analytical results. The improved spatial resolution of the synchrotron technique relative to the other methods has allowed the strain fields around a fatigue crack growing from a cold-expanded hole to be evaluated in the unloaded state and at two loading levels. Only at the higher load does the crack appear to open along its full length
82908230	Applying future studies methods to understanding the impact of University information and communication technology strategies on learning	This paper aims to explore the potential of certain Future Studies techniques to provide insight into the question of the impact of higher education Information and Communication Technology (ICT) strategies on student learning. The approach is to consider three case studies of new universities in different countries, and to identify the main features of their ICT strategies, related variables, key change drivers, and trends. Models representing ICT strategy and dimensions of student learning are then drawn together to product a number of possible scenarios and testable hypotheses. Recommendations for refining the analysis are highlighted
82984107	'ICT-Periodism' in the Classroom: Lessons Learnt from English in Action	This paper illustrates the factors affecting the use of ICT in the classroom in a large scale language development project in Bangladesh. The project, called English in Action (EIA) provides ICT materials along with print based materials for the teachers as well as face-to-face training to bring changes in primary and secondary classroom practices. On-going monitoring data showed that the use of audio materials increases as the intervention progresses through the year, however, the pattern changes when a decrease is observed during the third quarter. The study focused on the factors that have an influence on the use of audio in EIA classrooms during different quarters of the year and explored the underlying causes. The study adopted a mixed method approach and used classroom observations and semi-structured interviews with fifteen primary teachers to gather data. Findings showed that different nature and the pressure of the contents during different quarters of the year and the examination focused education system are the key factors that affect the use of ICT in English classes at the primary level. This raises the concern regarding ‘negative back-wash effect’ (Pan, 2009) of the exam system, which can stop effective pedagogical changes in the classroom from happening
82907255	The role of water and oxygen impurities on ozone production in a negative corona discharge of CO2	The production of ozone in a negative corona discharge fed by carbon dioxide with embedded traces of oxygen and water has been studied. The presence of traces of oxygen in both pure and dry CO2 leads to an increase in nascent ozone concentrations. In contrast, traces of water vapour (0-800 ppm) are shown to rapidly suppress ozone concentrations with the largest decreases being observed at lowest gas pressures in the discharge (300 Torr). The presence of water vapour did not considerably affect the electrical properties of negative dc corona suggesting that a chemical process is responsible for the ozone loss. We have shown that the addition of water up to a concentration of 1500 ppm has only a marginal effect on the processes of ozone formation but the catalytic cycle of ozone destruction involving OH radicals can be the reason for observed decrease in the total ozone concentration with increasing water concentration
82910983	Describing shape transformations in design sketches	None
131316939	Perceptions of HR practices on job motivation and work-life balance	PurposeBased on regulatory focus theory and social exchange theory, the purpose of this paper is to explain how care service workers’ job attitudes, such as job satisfaction, organizational commitment and perceived organizational support, help form their promotion-focus or prevention-focus perceptions of firms’ HR practices.Design/methodology/approachA survey study of 709 residential care service workers was used to test the developed framework with structure equation modeling analysis.FindingsThe empirical results show that the adoption of HR practices in the British care service sector can simultaneously enhance workers’ job motivation and help to correct their work-life imbalance, which have different effects on workers’ job attitudes.Research limitations/implicationsPerceptions of HR practices can create both promotion- and prevention-focussed perceptions from the workers’ perspective. The mixed perceptions about HR practices trigger both perceptions of job motivation and perceptions of work-life imbalance that can then lead to different outcomes with regard to job attitudes.Practical implicationsThis study helps practitioners apply HR practices suitably, to certain types of employees in order to drive positive, rather than negative impacts. It is important for managers in the care service industry to take into account the conditions that determine the impacts of HR practices on workers’ job attitudes when deciding to adopt HR practices.Originality/valueThis study contributes to the management literature by providing empirical evidence of the critical role played by job motivation and work-life imbalance in the perceptions of HR practices and job attitudes link
82905210	What are subcutaneous adipocytes really good for…?	Our acute awareness of the cosmetic, psychosocial and sexual importance of subcutaneous adipose tissue contrasts dramatically with how poorly we have understood the biology of this massive, enigmatic, often ignored and much-abused skin compartment. Therefore, it is timely to recall the exciting, steadily growing, yet underappreciated body of evidence that subcutaneous adipocytes are so much more than just ‘fat guys’, hanging around passively to conspire, at most, against your desperate attempts to maintain ideal weight. Although the subcutis, quantitatively, tends to represent the dominant architectural component of human skin, conventional wisdom confines its biological key functions to those of energy storage, physical buffer, thermoregulation and thermoinsulation. However, already the distribution of human superficial adipose tissue, by itself, questions how justified the popular belief is that ‘skin fat’ (which actually may be more diverse than often assumed) serves primarily thermoinsulatory purposes. And although the metabolic complications of obesity are well appreciated, our understanding of how exactly subcutaneous adipocytes contribute to extracutaneous disease – and even influence important immune and brain functions! – is far from complete. The increasing insights recently won into subcutaneous adipose tissue as a cytokine depot that regulates innate immunity and cell growth exemplarily serve to illustrate the vast open research expanses that remain to be fully explored in the subcutis. The following public debate carries you from the evolutionary origins and the key functional purposes of adipose tissue, via adipose-derived stem cells and adipokines straight to the neuroendocrine, immunomodulatory and central nervous effects of signals that originate in the subcutis – perhaps, the most underestimated tissue of the human body. The editors are confident that, at the end, you shall agree: No basic scientist and no doctor with a serious interest in skin, and hardly anyone else in the life sciences, can afford to ignore the subcutaneous adipocyte – beyond its ample impact on beauty, benessence and body mass
337616644	Analysis of the potential contribution of value-adding services (VAS) to the competitive logistics strategy of ports	This article examines the potential contribution of value-adding services (VAS) to port logistics strategy development in order to enhance competitiveness in the face of increasing competition between ports. On the basis of an empirical study taking the critical-realist approach of mixed methods' research and using data from multiple case-study ports in both developed and developing countries, the relevance and deployment of VAS are assessed with a view to facilitating port strategy decisions. This study addresses the paucity of VAS investigations in the maritime logistics literature and examines the potential contribution of VAS to port competitiveness from the perspective of port users. Results demonstrate that the most readily available and accessible VAS are transport services, followed by warehousing and water supplies. The article concludes that VAS have the potential to both attract port users and retain them
82907309	Spectra of Ions Produced by Corona Discharges	A mass spectrometric study of ions extracted from both positive and negative DC corona discharges, initiated in point-to plane electrode system, has been carried out in ambient air at low air pressure (5 – 30) kPa. The average relative humidity of air was typically 40–50 %. Ions were extracted through a small orifice in the plane electrode into an intermediate gap where the low pressure prevented further ion-molecule reactions. Mass analysis of negative ions formed in the negative corona discharge using ambient air has shown that the yield of individual ions is strongly affected by trace concentrations of ozone, nitrogen oxides, carbon dioxide and water vapour. In dry air the CO3− ion was found to be dominant. In presence of water this is converted very efficiently to cluster ions CO3−·(H2O)n containing one and more water molecules. The yield of O3−·(H2O)n clusters or core ions was found to be considerably lower than in some other studies at atmospheric pressure. The mass spectrum of ions extracted from drift region of a positive corona discharge was simpler being dominantly cluster ions H3O+·(H2O)n most probably formed from O2+ ions, a two step process being active if water molecules are present in the discharge gap even at relatively low concentration
334601952	Explore: Marking and Feedback (Phase 1) (Final report)	None
131302164	The JCMT Nearby Galaxies Legacy Survey – V. The CO(J= 3–2) distribution and molecular outflow in NGC 4631	We have made the first map of CO(J= 3–2) emission covering the disc of the edge-on galaxy, NGC 4631, which is known for its spectacular gaseous halo. The strongest emission, which we model with a Gaussian ring, occurs within a radius of 5 kpc. Weaker disc emission is detected out to radii of 12 kpc, the most extensive molecular component yet seen in this galaxy. From comparisons with infrared data, we find that CO(J= 3–2) emission more closely follows the hot dust component, rather than the cold dust, consistent with it being a good tracer of star formation. The first maps of R3−2/1−0, H2 mass surface density and star formation efficiency (SFE) have been made for the inner 2.4 kpc radius region. Only 20 per cent of the star formation occurs in this region and excitation conditions are typical of galaxy discs, rather than of central starbursts. The SFE suggests long gas consumption time-scales (>109 yr).The velocity field is dominated by a steeply rising rotation curve in the region of the central molecular ring followed by a flatter curve in the disc. A very steep gradient in the rotation curve is observed at the nucleus, providing the first evidence for a central concentration of mass: Mdyn= 5 × 107 M⊙ within a radius of 282 pc. The velocity field shows anomalous features indicating the presence of molecular outflows; one of them is associated with a previously observed CO(J= 1–0) expanding shell. Consistent with these outflows is the presence of a thick (z up to 1.4 kpc) CO(J= 3–2) disc. We suggest that the interaction between NGC 4631 and its companion(s) has agitated the disc and also initiated star formation which was likely higher in the past than it is now. These may be necessary conditions for seeing prominent haloes
82980480	The influence of wetting on the buoyancy of particles	The role of wetting in particulate systems can be of practical importance and has  been considered for many decades, with Huh and Mason providing an early example of a rigorous theoretical consideration of a single particle buoyant on the surface of a liquid. The ability of a particle of a density greater than the liquid phase on which it rests to be buoyant will be significantly influenced by the wetting interaction that occurs at the interface between the solid and liquid phases. Recent work by Vella et al. and that of Extrand and Mood has sought to capture the importance of wetting on the buoyancy of particles.The effect of wetting on the ability of solid millimetre-sized and smaller particles to float on a liquid of lower density than the particle material has been considered theoretically and investigated experimentally. The contribution of capillary force towards particle buoyancy is assessed for a range of systems, as well as the range of diameters of particles which could be buoyant for each combination of solid and liquid. The critical parameters in this evaluation of particle buoyancy were considered to be (i) solid density, (ii) liquid density, (iii) liquid surface tension, and (iv) interfacial wetting between solid and liquid phases
82921486	What makes a good ontology? A case-study in fine-grained knowledge reuse	Understanding which ontology characteristics can predict a "good" quality ontology, is a core and ongoing task in the Semantic Web. In this paper, we provide our findings on which structural ontology characteristics are usually observed in high-quality ontologies. We obtain these findings through a task-based evaluation, where the task is the assessment of the correctness of semantic relations. This task is of increasing importance for a set of novel Semantic Web tools, which perform fine-grained knowledge reuse (i.e., they reuse only appropriate parts of a given ontology instead of the entire ontology). We conclude that, while structural ontology characteristics do not provide statistically significant information to ensure that an ontology is reliable ("good"), in general, richly populated ontologies, with higher depth and breadth variance are more likely to provide reliable semantic content
82921880	Robust and efficient estimation by minimising a density power divergence	A minimum divergence estimation method is developed for robust parameter estimation. The proposed approach uses new density-based divergences which, unlike existing methods of this type such as minimum Hellinger distance estimation, avoid the use of nonparametric density estimation and associated complications such as bandwidth selection. The proposed class of ‘density power divergences’ is indexed by a single parameter α which controls the trade-off between robustness and efficiency. The methodology affords a robust extension of maximum likelihood estimation for which α = 0. Choices of α near zero afford considerable robustness while retaining efficiency close to that of maximum likelihood
82921949	Unfolding a symmetric matrix	Graphical displays which show inter-sample distances are important for the interpretation and presentation of multivariate data. Except when the displays are two-dimensional, however, they are often difficult to visualize as a whole. A device, based on multidimensional unfolding, is described for presenting some intrinsically high-dimensional displays in fewer, usually two, dimensions. This goal is achieved by representing each sample by a pair of points, say Ri and ri, so that a theoretical distance between the i-th and j-th samples is represented twice, once by the distance between Ri and rj and once by the distance between Rj and ri. Selfdistances between Ri andri need not be zero. The mathematical conditions for unfolding to exhibit symmetry are established. Algorithms for finding approximate fits, not constrained to be symmetric, are discussed and some examples are given
82921946	The development of interactive graphical software for a unified biplot methodology	None
82921904	Agents of change in corporate 'greening': six case studies in the UK water and electricity utilities	About the book:Debating the relationship between business and environment, and where this relationship is heading, this book gives voice to the industrial actors in context within industrial sectors or as part of wider institution regimes
82958348	From quantum mechanics to quantum field theory: The Hopf route	We show that the combinatorial numbers known as Bell numbers are generic in quantum physics. This is because they arise in the procedure known as Normal ordering of bosons, a procedure which is involved in the evaluation of quantum functions such as the canonical partition function of quantum statistical physics, inter alia. In fact, we shall show that an evaluation of the non-interacting partition function for a single boson system is identical to integrating the exponential generating function of the Bell numbers, which is a device for encapsulating a combinatorial sequence in a single function.We then introduce a remarkable equality, the Dobinski relation, and use it to indicate why renormalisation is necessary in even the simplest of perturbation expansions for a partition function. Finally we introduce a global algebraic description of this simple model, giving a Hopf algebra, which provides a starting point for extensions to more complex physical systems
82921863	Making the case for benchmarking	None
82921930	A comparison of higher-order bias kernel density estimators	We consider many kernel-based density estimators, all theoretically improving bias from O(h2), as the smoothing parameter  h → 0, to O(h4). Examples include higher-order kernels, variable kernel methods, and transformation and multiplicative bias-correction approaches. We stress the similarities between what appear to be disparate approaches. In particular, we show how the mean squared errors of all methods have the same form. Our main practical contribution is a comparative simulation study that isolates the most promising approaches. It remains debatable, however, as to whether even the best methods give worthwhile improvements, at least for small-to-moderate sample exploratory purposes
158350370	Political orientation of government and stock market returns	Prior research documented that the US stock prices tend to grow faster during the Democratic than the Republican administrations. This article examines whether stock returns in other countries also depend on the political orientation of the incumbents. An analysis of 24 stock markets and 173 different governments reveals that there are no statistically significant differences in returns between left-wing and right-wing executives. Consequently, international investment strategies based on the political orientation of countries’ leadership are likely to be futile
82909551	Worker co-operatives 1988-1993: decline or growth?	None
188345890	Ruin, or repair? Infrastructural Sociality and an Economy of Disappearances along a Rural Road in Kenya	None
82922122	Natural Order: why social psychologists should study (a constructed version of) natural language and why they have not done so	This article argues that the notion of natural language should be treated with caution, for natural language is not an empirical object so much as the product of a particular analytic stance that is sensitive to the action orientation and sequential embeddedness of discourse. The virtue of studying materials that are generated without the influence of researchers (e.g., records of talk in home and work situations) is pressed. However, it is suggested that social psychologists are impeded in pursuing such a course by their adherence to hypothetico deductivist methods, tocognitivist metatheory, and toetic rather than emic styles of analysis
82921867	Best practice benchmarking: a route to competiveness	This paper examines the use of best practice benchmarking as an approach to performance improvement in the airline industry. The case study draws upon phenomenological evidence from the aircraft maintenance section of Britannia Airways. A range of benchmarking issues, which could be applied to different divisions of an airline are highlighted. In particular, inter disciplinary team building, employee involvement, relationships with other industry players and identification of ‘best in class'. Airline alliances and the global trend towards economically deregulated air transport are identified as factors likely to increase the adoption of benchmarking as a route to competitiveness
82921908	Paideia at Play: Learning and Wit in Apuleius - Reviewed by Paula James	None
82922064	Alteration mineral in impact-generated hydrothermal systems. Which, where, when – and how important?	None
46524261	Ontology Forecasting in Scientific Literature: Semantic Concepts Prediction based on Innovation-Adoption Priors	The ontology engineering research community has focused for many years on supporting the creation, development and evolution of ontologies. Ontology forecasting, which aims at predicting semantic changes in an ontology, represents instead a new challenge. In this paper, we want to give a contribution to this novel endeavour by focusing on the task of forecasting semantic concepts in the research domain. Indeed, ontologies representing scientific disciplines contain only research topics that are already popular enough to be selected by human experts or automatic algorithms. They are thus unfit to support tasks which require the ability of describing and exploring the forefront of research, such as trend detection and horizon scanning. We address this issue by introducing the Semantic Innovation Forecast (SIF) model, which predicts new concepts of an ontology at time t + 1, using only data available at time t. Our approach relies on lexical innovation and adoption information extracted from historical data. We evaluated the SIF model on a very large dataset consisting of over one million scientific papers belonging to the Computer Science domain: the outcomes show that the proposed approach offers a competitive boost in mean average precision-at-ten compared to the baselines when forecasting over 5 years
82921824	Multimodality through physical digital design	This paper aims to deliver a better understanding of the relationship between physical and virtual, two dimensional and three dimensional representations of form employed in the critical early stages of design. It will present initial findings from observation of practice into how designers move between these representations, and of the kind and quantity of information they choose to exchange between them. Informed by these findings, and in response to the emerging need for new methods of sketching and prototyping in the digital era, it will also present a new proposal for hybrid virtual/physical digital design practice based on a significant modification of previous approaches
82907440	Citizenship between Past and Future	"Citizenship Between Past and Future" brings together some of the most prominent scholars in the field of citizenship studies to assess, critically and contextually, the ongoing significance of citizenship as an object of study. The authors reflect on the major issues and debates that have emerged in the field of citizenship studies over the last decade as well as to point out some of the new challenges ahead. The book recasts traditional thinking about citizenship beyond issues of legal status and investigates it rather as a strategic concept that is central in the analysis of identity, participation, human rights, and emerging forms of political life.Seeking to broaden the debate on the meaning, significance, and practices of citizenship, the authors engage with an impressive and challenging array of theoretical and substantive issues. Citizenship is investigated in terms of debates over inclusion and exclusion, statism and cosmopolitanism, status and rights, gender and race, and multiculturalism and global inequality. The book revitalizes the debate over a key political concept and offers new ways of thinking about citizenship that take into account contemporary challenges
82921802	Using open educational resources and Web 2.0 tools to support ethical reasoning in information and computer sciences project-based learning	This project investigated the use of Web 2.0 tools and Open Educational Resources (OER) to support students engaged in project-based learning in ICS. Capitalising on existing environments, tools and learning resources, the project explored the potential of these openly and freely accessible resources to facilitate a space where students can be encouraged to identify, engage with and discuss ethical issues that arise in their project work.  The project consisted of a small-scale investigation into students’ views of social networking as a class of tools potentially useful in a project-based course taught entirely at a distance, with a particular focus on the area of ethical reasoning. Ethics is an important part of the course and integral to its assessment, and the work carried out enabled an initial evaluation of the OER in the area of ethics in ICS (Ferreira & Monk, 2009) created with previous support from the HEA Network for ICS
82921800	The distribution of time to extinction in subcritical branching processes: applications to outbreeaks of infectious diseases	We consider the distribution of the number of generations to extinction in subcritical branching processes, with particular emphasis on applications to the spread of infectious diseases. We derive the generation distributions for processes with Bernoulli, geometric and Poisson offspring, and discuss some of their distributional and inferential properties. We present applications to the spread of infection in highly vaccinated populations, outbreaks of enteric fever, and person-to-person transmission of human monkeypo
82922023	Discourses of democracy in neighborhood governance	This article is concerned with neighborhood governance reflecting a policy agenda which identifies the 'neighborhood' as a significant space for democratic renewal. But how is democracy understood and practiced? Many neighborhood policy programs are sponsored by central or local government and public managers have an important role in translating policy into local practice. Using a critical discourse analytic framework we examine actual  examples of public managersâ€™ descriptions of their governance arrangements to elaborate their understandings and interpretations of democracy. Examples are taken from interviews in neighborhood renewal schemes in Birmingham and Copenhagen. Analysis suggests that in the cases examined here the democratic devices associated with different ideal-types of neighborhood governance presented both actual and potential dilemmas for public managers or became lost amongst other more immediate concerns for each project. This suggests that the democratic element of neighborhood governance may need even more clear conceptual work and more forceful advocacy
82981194	Experiences of accessing CCTV data: the urban topologies of subject access requests	In this paper, I argue that careful attention needs to be paid to the handling of urban CCTV digital data. Since the early 1990s, CCTV has left an indelible mark on UK cities, and beyond. CCTV is a crime-reduction strategy, and its activation owes much to the laws and regulations that govern its function and the passivity with which it is often viewed. I consider the nature of security when CCTV signs, recorded images and the rights of citizens are interlinked in controlled urban spaces. Despite the regulatory powers of the Data Protection Act, the management of CCTV data is at times poorly operationalised and often obfuscated. The paper discusses my experiences of identifying 17 different CCTV cameras and being recorded and my attempts to access my images through subject access requests (SARs). In what follows, I draw on different topologies of experience in expanding upon the mutable, unpredictable and intensive relations that guide the management of CCTV data
82921807	The graphics calculator as a teaching aid in statistics	This article explores some ideas for the imaginative useof a graphics calculator in introductory statisticsteaching
82921749	ABC and SLC transporter expression and POT substrate characterization across the human CMEC/D3 blood-brain barrier cell line	Initial studies indicate that the newly developed hCMEC/D3 cell line may prove to be a useful model for studying the physiology of the human blood?brain barrier (BBB) endothelium. The purpose of this study was to assess the mRNA expression of several ABC and SLC transporters, with an emphasis on the proton-coupled oligopeptide transporter superfamily (POT) transporters in this immortalized BBB cell model. The transport kinetics of POT-substrates was also evaluated. The hCMEC/D3 cell line was maintained in a modified EGM-2 medium in collagenated culture flasks and passaged every 3?4 days at approximately 85%?95% confluence. Messenger RNA (mRNA) expression of a variety of ABC and SLC transporters was evaluated using qRT-PCR arrays, while additional qRT-PCR primers were designed to assess the expression of POT members. The transport kinetics of mannitol and urea were utilized to quantitatively estimate the intercellular pore radius, while POT substrate transport was also determined to assess the suitability of the cell model from a drug screening perspective. Optimization of the cell line was attempted by culturing with on laminin and fibronectin enhanced collagen and in the presence of excess Ca2+. hCMEC/D3 cells express both hPHT1 and hPHT2, while little to no expression of either hPepT1 or hPepT2 was observed. The relative expression of other ABC and SLC transporters is discussed. While POT substrate transport does suggest suitability for BBB drug permeation screening, the relative intercellular pore radius was estimated at 19 Å, significantly larger than that approximated in vivo. Culturing with extracellular matrix proteins did not alter mannitol permeability. These studies characterized this relevant human hCMEC/D3 BBB cell line with respect to both the relative mRNA expression of various ABC and SLC transporters and its potential utility as an in vitro screening tool for brain permeation. Additional studies are required to adequately determine the potential to establish an in vivo correlation
334962119	The Media Reader. Continuity and Transformation	The Media Reader is an essential sourcebook of key statements about transformations in media culture. The Reader explores the technological, economic, social and cultural processes implicated in the production, regulation, circulation and consumption of media forms. It applies theoretical approaches, supported by a range of case studies, to past and present media transformations.Divided into four parts: Mass Communications and the Modern World; Understanding `Transformations' in Media Culture; New Media for New Times; Future Perfect?, this Reader provides a framework for examining many of the key transformations in the contemporary media environment. It will be an invaluable resource for researchers and students alike
224959269	Student data privacy in MOOCs: a sentiment analysis	Student data privacy as a research focus and practice is relatively under-researched in the context of massive open online courses (MOOCs). Central to researching student data privacy in the context of online service providers are the various user agreements that participants must accept or opt into before they can use a MOOC platform. Such documents form the basis for any recourse individuals might have if they have concerns about data privacy. Of specific interest in this research is the emotive use of language used in these documents. Research in other genres suggest that emotive language can be intentionally used to facilitate buy-in or to soften the implications of the agreement between user and provider. This article shares our findings of a sentiment analysis of the terms and conditions and privacy statements of three major MOOC providers
82979091	What do we know about carer perspectives in mental health and disability services?”	None
82922231	Two diffusion pathways in quartz: a combined UV-laser and RBS study	The diffusive behavior of argon in quartz was investigated with three analytical depth profiling methods: Rutherford Back-scattering Spectroscopy (RBS), 213 nm laser ablation, and 193 nm (Excimer) laser ablation on the same set of experimental samples. The integration of multiple depth profiling methods, each with different spatial resolution and sensitivity, allows for the cross-checking of methods where data ranges coincide. The use of multiple methods also allows for exploration of diffusive phenomena over multiple length-scales. Samples included both natural clear rock crystal quartz and synthetic citrine quartz. Laser analysis of clear quartz was compromised by poor coupling with the laser, whereas the citrine quartz was more easily analyzed (particularly with 193 nm laser). Diffusivity measured by both RBS and 193 nm laser ablation in the outermost 0.3 μm region of citrine quartz are self-consistent and in agreement with previously published RBS data on other quartz samples (including the clear quartz measured by RBS in this study). Apparent solubilities (extrapolated surface concentrations) for citrine quartz are in good agreement between RBS, 213 nm, and 193 nm laser analyses. Deeper penetration of argon measured up to 100 μm depth with the 213 nm laser reveal contributions of a second, faster diffusive pathway, effective in transporting much lower concentrations of argon into the crystal interiors of both clear and citrine quartz. By assuming such deep diffusion is dominated by fast pathways and approximating them as a network of planar features, the net diffusive uptake can be modeled and quantified with the Whipple-LeClaire equation, yielding delta D-b values of 1.32 x 10-14 to 9.1 x 10-17 cm3/s. While solubility values from the measured profiles confirm suggestions that quartz has a large capacity for argon uptake (making it a potentially important sink for argon in the crust), the slow rate of lattice diffusion may limit its capability to take up argon in shorter lived geologic environments and in experiments. In such shorter-lived systems, bulk argon diffusive uptake will be dominated by the fast pathway and the quartz lattice (including natural isolated defects that may also be storing argon) may never reach its equilibrium capacity
82979569	Multi-stakeholder Governance. A social enterprise case study	The scope of this paper is to highlight the features of multi-stakeholdership in the presence of contract incompleteness, and to provide an illustration with a focus on not-for profit social enterprises. Using case study analysis, we observe how the governance of a social enterprise has evolved to reflect changes in community needs. We show that the progressive inclusion of emerging organisations to achieve the much advocated balance of interests, as opposed to contractual coordination. The findings highlight that multi-stakeholdership diffused co-operative attitude with which founders and managers created a network of patrons, who give voice and answers to specific social needs.The paper then builds on these findings to elaborate on the factors that affect the survival of the social enterprise. Our major conclusion in this respect is that, over time, the internalization of relevant contractual effects within organizational boundaries can guarantee economic sustainability and the production of broad societal value
153444181	Why nutritional psychiatry is the future of mental health treatment	A lack of essential nutrients is known to contribute to the onset of poor mental health in people suffering from anxiety and depression, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia and ADHD. Nutritional psychiatry is a growing discipline that focuses on the use of food and supplements to provide these essential nutrients as part of an integrated or alternative treatment for mental health disorders
82975714	The virtuosi of Merthyr	None
82910205	Collaboration: the challenge of ICT	None
82973799	Mylonites of the South Armorican Shear Zone: insights for crustal-scale fluid flow and water–rock interaction processes	Mylonites display petrographical and geochemical characteristics that can be related to syn-deformation fluid circulation. The South Armorican Shear Zone, a major structural feature of the Armorican Massif (France), is outlined by the presence of mylonitic rocks cropping out mostly in open quarries. These mylonites were essentially formed at the expense of peraluminous granitic bodies. Deformation occurred from ductile conditions in the biotite stability field (>400 °C) down to lower greenschist cataclasis and brecciation, where carbonation developed. U–Pb analyses on zircon and monazite define a minimum duration of 15 Ma for the deformation and hydrothermal history, between 315 Ma and 300 Ma. Fluid circulations are well documented, by way of petrographic observation (chlorite and carbonate crystallization), mineralogical composition analysis (muscovite chemistry), erratic mobility behavior of some elements (As, Sn, U for instance), and stable isotope composition analysis of the infiltrated rocks. High temperature deformation is not accompanied by alteration of the O isotope system, which implies either low fluid/rock ratio and/or the involvement of δ18O crustal fluids with a composition similar to that of the rocks. On the other hand, some low temperature mylonites show a drastic decrease in the δ18O values, which has to be related to the influx of surface derived waters. The heat source necessary for this crustal scale downward infiltration of fluids followed by upward motion was likely provided by the exhumation of lower crustal units in the South Armorican domain
82982002	Scientific, social science, and technological approaches to understanding environmental change	None
82973801	SARIM PLUS—sample return of comet 67P/CG and of interstellar matter	The Stardust mission returned cometary, interplanetary and (probably) interstellar dust in 2006 to Earth that have been analysed in Earth laboratories worldwide. Results of this mission have changed our view and knowledge on the early solar nebula. The Rosetta mission is on its way to land on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko and will investigate for the first time in great detail the comet nucleus and its environment starting in 2014. Additional astronomy and planetary space missions will further contribute to our understanding of dust generation, evolution and destruction in interstellar and interplanetary space and provide constraints on solar system formation and processes that led to the origin of life on Earth. One of these missions, SARIM-PLUS, will provide a unique perspective by measuring interplanetary and interstellar dust with high accuracy and sensitivity in our inner solar system between 1 and 2 AU. SARIM-PLUS employs latest in-situ techniques for a full characterisation of individual micrometeoroids (flux, mass, charge, trajectory, composition) and collects and returns these samples to Earth for a detailed analysis. The opportunity to visit again the target comet of the Rosetta mission 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimeenternko, and to investigate its dusty environment six years after Rosetta with complementary methods is unique and strongly enhances and supports the scientific exploration of this target and the entire Rosetta mission. Launch opportunities are in 2020 with a backup window starting early 2026. The comet encounter occurs in September 2021 and the reentry takes place in early 2024. An encounter speed of 6 km/s ensures comparable results to the Stardust mission
82908266	Practical applications of the principles and practices of palliative care to the residential sector	About the book: In our society, the overwhelming majority of people die in later life. They typically die slowly of chronic illness, with multiple co-existing problems over long periods of time. They spend the majority of their final years at home, but many will die in hospitals or care homes. This book explores the possibilities for improving the care of older people dying in residential care and nursing homes. It argues that there are aspects of palliative care that, given the right circumstances, are transferable to dying people in settings that are not domestic or hospice based. End of Life in Care Homes describes what happens in nursing and resiential care homes when a resident is dying, how carers cope, and the practical, health and emotional challenges that carers face on top of thier day-to-day work. Based on detailed research from both the UK and US, the book shows how the situation can be improved. care home staff of all levels as well as palliative care practitioners, general practitioners, Macmillan nurses and other health care professionals who come into contact with dying residents will find this book of great value. Geriatricians, policy makers and administrators of residential care and nursing homes should also find it a useful resource
153444283	On the Transnational Dialectics of Solidarity and Care	The urgency to global political life that Shirin Rai points to in the lead article of this Forum is one that is, in major part, borne of a global crisis of social reproduction. This crisis is less immediately visible than the rise of terrorism, right-wing nationalism, or military conflict, but no less harmful, violent or deadly in its effects. Where the basic means for reproducing and sustaining labor power are so severely compromised as to undercut human life, or to curtail care for human welfare that would otherwise reproduce people as physical, social, and cultural beings, then this constitutes a political urgency like no other
82908224	A multi-coloured survey of NGC 253 with XMM–Newton: testing the methods used for creating luminosity functions from low-count data	NGC 253 is a local, starbursting spiral galaxy with strong X-ray emission from hot gas, as well as many point sources. We have conducted a spectral survey of the X-ray population of NGC 253 using a deep XMM–Newton observation. NGC 253 only accounts for ∼20 per cent of the XMM–Newton EPIC field of view, allowing us to identify ∼100 X-ray sources that are unlikely to be associated with NGC 253. Hence, we were able to make a direct estimate of contamination from, for example, foreground stars and background galaxies.X-ray luminosity functions (XLFs) of galaxy populations are often used to characterize their properties. There are several methods for estimating the luminosities of X-ray sources with few photons. We have obtained spectral fits for the brightest 140 sources in the 2003 XMM–Newton observation of NGC 253, and compare the best-fitting luminosities of those 69 non-nuclear sources associated with NGC 253 with luminosities derived using other methods. We find the luminosities obtained from these various methods to vary systematically by a factor of up to 3 for the same data; this is largely due to differences in absorption. We therefore conclude that assuming Galactic absorption is probably unwise; rather, one should measure the absorption for the population.A remarkable correlation has been reported between the XLFs of galaxies and their star formation rates. However, the XLFs used in that study were obtained using several different methods. If the sample galaxies were revisited and a single method were applied, then this correlation may become stronger still.In addition, we find that standard estimations of the background contribution to the X-ray sources in the field are insufficient. We find that the background active galactic nuclei (AGN) may be systematically more luminous than previously expected. However, the excess in our measured AGN XLF with respect to the expected XLF may be due to an as yet unrecognized population associated with NGC 253
82984106	The competing effects of sulfide saturation versus degassing on the behavior of the chalcophile elements during the differentiation of hydrous melts	There is a lack of consensus regarding the roles of sulﬁde saturation versus volatile degassing on the partitioning of Cu and Ag during differentiation and eruption of convergent margin magmas. Because of their oxidized character, volatile-rich magmas from the Eastern Manus Back-arc Basin (EMBB) only reach sulﬁde saturation following magnetite-driven reduction of the melt: the so-called ‘‘magnetite crisis.’’ If sulﬁde saturation typically precedes volatile saturation, the magnetite crisis will limit the proportion of Cu and Ag that can partition from the melt into an exsolving volatile-rich phase, which may contribute to the sporadic occurrence of magmatic-hydrothermal ore deposits at convergent margins. However, it is unclear whether the magnetite crisis is a common or rare event during differentiation of volatile-rich magmas. We report major and trace element data for submarine volcanic glasses from the Tonga arc-proximal Valu Fa Ridge (VFR; SW Paciﬁc). Cu-Se-Ag systematics of samples erupting at the southern VFR suggest magnetite fractionation-triggered sulﬁde saturation. The similarity in chalcophile element systematics of the southern VFR and EMBB samples is unlikely to be coincidental, and may indicate that the magnetite crisis is a common event during differentiation of hydrous melts. However, unlike many convergent margin magmas, it is unlikely that the evolving VFR and EMBB were saturated in a S-bearing volatile phase prior to magnetite fractionation. Hence, the metal-depleting magnetite crisis may be restricted to back-arc basin magmas that do not degas volatiles prior to magnetite fractionation and potentially convergent margin magmas fractionating at high pressures in the continental crust
481416521	Spelling development in young children: A case of representational redescription?	Two experiments explored children's spelling development in the context of the representational-redescription (RR) model (A. Karmiloff-Smith, 1992). Fifty-one 5- to 7-year-old children (Experiment 1) and 44 5- to 6-year-old children (Experiment 2) were assessed, using spelling production and recognition tasks, for phonological to morphological spelling development and representational levels derived from the RR model, respectively. Children were allocated to 1 of the stages for spelling production from T. Nunes, M. Bindman, and P. Bryant (1997) and to 1 of the representational levels derived from the RR model for spelling recognition and accompanying verbal justifications indicating their knowledge and understanding of spelling. These results are discussed in terms of how the RR model accounts for the hitherto unexplained cognitive mechanisms that underlie spelling development and the notion of multirepresentation in spelling
188345769	How HE educators learn to teach Massive Open Online Courses. A case study	People working within HE institutions need to learn new forms of teaching and learning practice, to transform the ways they work. This study explores the types of knowledge gained by those working in HE when they teach massive open online courses (MOOCs). Data were gathered through a case study involving interviews with six people with teaching roles on one MOOC. Data analysis used Tynjälä’s model of integrative pedagogy to identify the different types of theoretical, practical, sociocultural and self-regulative knowledge needed in order to teach in a MOOC. The analysis shows that individuals did not engage in formal training (theoretical knowledge); they learned by experience; by (re-)running the MOOC and from learners’ feedback (practical knowledge). They also reflected on their learning experience, on their contact with different cultures, on engaging with ideas from other MOOCs and people (self-regulative knowledge). They worked collaboratively, sharing expertise, but sometimes found communication with colleagues was difficult (sociocultural knowledge). When they faced challenges they integrated theoretical, practical and self-regulative knowledge to solve problems (mediating processes)
82909662	Influence of residual stress redistribution on fatigue crack growth and damage tolerant design	The safe operation of many structures and components is ensured through the operation of damage tolerant design and evaluation. Substantial residual stresses can exist in many systems and it is important that these are incorporated in damage tolerance calculations of fatigue crack growth. Recent improvements in non-destructive measurement techniques and in the application of weight or Green's functions methods of including residual stress fields into stress intensity factor (SIF) calculations have enabled predictions of the effects of residual stresses on fatigue crack propagation to be made more readily. Two examples from the aerospace industry, structures containing (i) cold expanded holes and (ii) fusion welds are used to show that presently, although final crack growth lives can be accurately predicted, the details of crack growth are not well represented with initial growth typically being underestimated and later growth being over estimated. It is shown that this is most likely to be due to residual stress redistribution. and that this must be built into fatigue life prediction models if accurate damage tolerance based procedures are to be developed for components and systems containing substantial residual stresses
82908250	Imposed unity, denied diversity: changing attitudes to artifice in language and learning	About the book: The papers in this collection, drawn from the 34th Annual Conference of the British Association for Applied Linguistics, reflect diversity of approach within the field of applied linguistics at the start of the twenty-first century. While addressing the theme of unity and diversity from a range of perspectives, each paper prompts critical reflection on tensions within the discipline between stability and change, consensus and controversy, similarity and variation. The interpretation of language use is broad and varied, taking both macro and micro perspectives. Topics addressed range from issues of global communication in a world of shifting demographies and technological advances, to analysis of specific contexts of interaction, both professional and personal. Contexts of language use frequently coincide with settings of language acquisition, both within and beyond the language classroom, and this opens up discussion of the focus, scope and appropriateness of research stances in applied linguistics and practices in language pedagogy. Furthermore, variation is considered from a number of social-cultural, gender-related, linguistic and discourse perspectives, calling into question terminology, definitions and the nature of evidence at the heart of applied linguistic theory and practice
82902931	Extrasolar 'Earths' in habitable zones: targets of opportunity	We have shown that Earth-mass planets could survive in variously restricted regions of the habitable zones (HZs) of most of a sample of nine of the 102 main-sequence exoplanetary systems confirmed by 25 September 2003. In a preliminary extrapolation of our results to the other systems, we estimate that roughly a half of these systems could have had an Earth-mass planet confined to the HZ for at least the most recent 1000 Ma. The HZ migrates outwards during the main-sequence lifetime, and so this proportion varies with stellar age – about two-thirds of the systems could have such a planet confined to the HZ for at least 1000 Ma at sometime during the main-sequence lifetime. Clearly, these systems should be high on the target list for exploration for terrestrial planets. We have reached this conclusion by launching putative Earth-mass planets in various orbits and following their fate with mixed-variable symplectic and hybrid integrators. Whether the Earth-mass planets could form in the HZs of the exoplanetary systems is an urgent question that needs further stud
82909609	Towards a map of marketing information systems: an inductive study	Describes an inductively derived process map of marketing, which is used as a basis for a map of marketing information systems. Need for a holistic view of information systems in marketing; Approaches to mapping marketing; Trends in information technology which are making dramatic changes to marketing practice
82977207	Investigating benefits from the implementation of environmental management systems in a Greek university	Higher Education Institutions (HEIs) can contribute significantly to the achievement of environmental sustainability through teaching and research activities, and also through improvements in the environmental management of University estates. This article explores the results of implementing Environmental Management Systems (EMSs) in a HEI in Greece. Specifically, the results of two surveys, focusing on students’ perceptions in the University of the Aegean, are presented and analysed. The surveys were conducted prior and after the implementation of an EMS in the University. The survey results demonstrate several positive consequences from the implementation of EMS across the University campus. In particular, there is a positive influence on students’ environmental awareness and behaviour, accompanied by greater preference among them for more participatory environmental management initiatives
82909574	Circumcision in young boys: A legal commentary	It has long been recognized that non-therapeutic surgical operations upon the genitals of a female are unlawful. Indeed the Female Circumcision Act 1985 stated this and the Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 repealed this earlier Act, clarifying the law regarding non-therapeutic surgery upon the genitals of a female. The law is now clear; regardless of what the procedure is called
82908243	Evidence on the Origin of Phobos’ Parallel Grooves from HRSC Mars Express	Abstract not available
82911656	A KWIC Concordance to Daniel Defoe's 'Moll Flanders'	A full concordance to all the main words in Defoe's novel, using the 'key-word-in-context' format
82911632	Arguing security: A framework for analyzing security requirements	When considering the security of a system, the analyst must simultaneously work with two types of properties: those that can be shown to be true, and those that must be argued as being true. The first consists of properties that can be demonstrated conclusively, such as the type of encryption in use or the existence of an authentication scheme. The second consists of things that cannot be so demonstrated but must be considered true for a system to be secure, such as the trustworthiness of a public key infrastructure or the willingness of people to keep their passwords secure. The choices represented by the second case are called trust assumptions, and the analyst should supply arguments explaining why the trust assumptions are valid.This book presents three novel contributions: a framework for security requirements elicitation and analysis, based upon the construction of a context for the system; an explicit place and role for trust assumptions in security requirements; and structured satisfaction arguments to validate that a system can satisfy the security requirements. The system context is described using a problem-centered notation, then is validated against the security requirements through construction of a satisfaction argument. The satisfaction argument is in two parts: a formal argument that the system can meet its security requirements, and structured informal arguments supporting the assumptions exposed during argument construction. If one cannot construct a convincing argument, designers are asked to provide design information to resolve the problems and another pass is made through the framework to verify that the proposed solution satisfies the requirements. Alternatively, stakeholders are asked to modify the goals for the system so that the problems can be resolved or avoided. The contributions are evaluated by using the framework to do a security requirements analysis within an air traffic control technology evaluation project
82977163	Impact of earthquakes on agriculture during the Roman–Byzantine period from pollen records of the Dead Sea laminated sediment	The Dead Sea region holds the archives of a complex relationship between an ever-changing nature and ancient civilisations. Regional pollen diagrams show a Roman–Byzantine period standing out in the recent millennia by its wetter climate that allowed intensive arboriculture. During that period, the Dead Sea formed laminites that display mostly a seasonal character. A multidisciplinary study focused on two earthquakes, 31 BC and AD 363, recorded as seismites in the Ze’elim gully A unit III which has been well dated by radiocarbon in a previous study. The sampling of the sediment was done at an annual resolution starting from a few years before and finishing a decade after each earthquake. A clear drop in agricultural indicators (especially Olea and cereals) is shown. These pollen indicators mostly reflect human activities in the Judean Hills and coastal oases. Agriculture was disturbed in large part of the rift valley where earthquake damage affected irrigation and access to the fields. It took 4 to 5 yr to resume agriculture to previous conditions. Earthquakes must be seen as contributors to factors damaging societies. If combined with other factors such as climatic aridification, disease epidemics and political upheaval, they may lead to civilisation collapse
82911589	Writing fiction	A practice-based guide to writing fiction with activities, examples and interviews with well known novelists. It covers such topics as - the creative process and stimulating creativity; keeping a writer's notebook; character creation; setting; point of view; structure; the use of time; showing and telling; being aware of the reader. It offers inspirational advice on methods and techniques of authorship
82977228	Social capital and environmental policies in Greece	To plan environmental policies it is important to identify factors influencing their effective implementation. Regarding Greek environmental policy, several factors have been underlined in the literature influencing its implementation. These include, among others, the structure of state mechanisms, the existence of clientelistic networks, the weak civil society and specific characteristics of political culture (Bromley, 1997; Lekakis, 1995; Spanou, 1998). In the recent literature the social capital of a community has also been recognized as having a significant influence during the implementation of all stages of environmental policy (Jones, Sophoulis, Iosifides, Botetzagias, & Evangelinos 2009)
567875477	From the archive with love: a tribute of memory and hope for the future of Organization	Having been an unofficial archivist of Organization over the last 20 years, in this essay I offer a selection of stories from the archive as a tribute to the journal’s 30th anniversary. I draw the stories mainly from the journal’s backstage, hidden archive (comprising old documents, interviews, and observation), but also to a lesser extent from its public (i.e. published) facet (comprising editorials and journal papers). The stories concern the journal’s relationship with Sage, its efforts to internationalize, the evolution of its archive in relation to the journal community, and the preservation of its critical intellectual mission. Altogether, these stories offer insights for the journal’s collective memory and hope for remaking its future
567875471	Chicken or Egg? A Bi-directional Analysis of Social Protection and Social Cohesion in Burundi and Haiti	A limited but growing number of studies point to mixed effects of social protection on social cohesion. Relatively little is known about the role of social cohesion on access to and impact of social protection. Based on in-depth qualitative research in Burundi and Haiti, this paper explores the bi-directional relationship between social protection and social cohesion. The analysis focuses on horizontal forms of social cohesion within a particular set of comprehensive interventions that provide bundled packages of support to the poorest and most vulnerable. We find that programmes strengthened attributes of social cohesion, such as dignity and positive identity. They also hampered elements of cohesion such as sense of belonging and togetherness. Stronger cohesion, mediated through community trust and collaboration, fostered positive programme impacts. The paper concludes that social dynamics at community, family and individual levels should receive greater attention in design and implementation of social protection to avoid unintended consequences and maximise programme impact across social and other dimensions.Quelques études, dont le nombre est d’ailleurs en augmentation, font état des effets mitigés de la protection sociale sur la cohésion sociale. On sait relativement peu de choses sur le rôle que peut jouer la cohésion sociale sur l'accès à la protection sociale et sur son impact. Cet article est tiré d’une étude qualitative approfondie au Burundi et en Haïti. Il explore la relation bidirectionnelle entre la protection sociale et la cohésion sociale. L'analyse se concentre sur les formes horizontales de cohésion sociale au sein d'un ensemble d'interventions complètes qui fournissent des services groupés de soutien aux personnes les plus pauvres et les plus vulnérables. Nous constatons que les programmes ont renforcé certains aspects de la cohésion sociale, tels que la dignité et l'identité positive. Ils ont également entravé d’autres aspects de la cohésion, tels que le sentiment d'appartenance et de proximité. Une cohésion plus forte, reflétée par la confiance et la collaboration au sein des communautés, a favorisé l’impact positif du programme. L’article conclut que les dynamiques sociales aux niveaux communautaire, familial et individuel devraient faire l'objet d'une plus grande attention lors de la conception et de la mise en œuvre des programmes de protection sociale afin d'éviter des conséquences imprévues et de maximiser l'impact social du programme, entre autres
82903634	Petrography and geochemistry of the chassignite Northwest Africa 2737 (NWA 2737)	We report on the petrology and geochemistry of the Northwest Africa 2737 (NWA 2737) meteorite that was recovered from the Morrocan Sahara in 2000. It is the second member of the chassignite subclass of the SNC (Shergotitte-Nakhlite-Chassignite) group of meteorites that are thought to have originated on Mars. It consists of black olivine- and spinel-cumulate crystals (89.7 and 4.6 wt%, respectively), with intercumulus pyroxenes (augite 3.1 wt% and pigeonite-orthopyroxene 1.0 wt%), analbite glass (1.6 wt%) and apatite (0.2 wt%). Unlike Chassigny, plagioclase has not been observed in NWA 2737. Olivine crystals are rich in Mg, and highly equilibrated (Fo = 78.7 +/- 0.5 mol%). The black color of olivine grains may be related to the strong shock experienced by the meteorite as revealed by the deformation features observed on the macroscopic to the atomic scale. Chromite is zoned from core to rim from Cr(83.4)Uv(3.6)Sp(13.0) to Cr(72.0)UV(6.9)Sp(21.1). Pyroxene compositional trends are similar to those described for Chassigny except that they are richer in Mg. Compositions range from En(78.5)Wo(2.7)Fs(18.8) to En(76.6)WO(3.2)Fs(20.2) for the orthopyroxene, from En(73.5)Wo(8.0)Fs(18.5) to En(64.0)Wo(22.1)Fs(13.9) for pigeonite, and from En(54.6)Wo(32.8)Fs(12.6) to En(46.7)Wo(44.1)Fs(9.2) for augite. Bulk rock oxygen isotope compositions confirm that NWA 2737 is a new member of the martian meteorite clan (Delta O-17 = 0.305 +/- 0.02 parts per thousand, n = 2). REE abundances measured in NWA 2737 mineral phases are similar to those in Chassigny and suggest a genetic relationship between these two rocks. However, the parent melt of NWA 2737 was less evolved and had a lower Al abundance
82980383	Limits on additional planetary companions to OGLE 2005-BLG-390L	Aims. We investigate constraints on additional planets orbiting the distant M-dwarf star OGLE 2005-BLG-390L, around which photometric microlensing data has revealed the existence of the sub-Neptune-mass planet OGLE 2005-BLG-390Lb. We specifically aim to study potential Jovian companions and compare our findings with predictions from core-accretion and disc-instability models of planet formation. We also obtain an estimate of the detection probability for sub-Neptune mass planets similar to OGLE 2005-BLG-390Lb using a simplified simulation of a microlensing experiment.Methods. We compute the efficiency of our photometric data for detecting additional planets around OGLE 2005-BLG-390L, as a function of the microlensing model parameters and convert it into a function of the orbital axis and planet mass by means of an adopted model of the Milky Way.Results. We find that more than 50% of potential planets with a mass in excess of 1 M˱/IJ in orbits between 1.5 and 2.2 AU, the detection efficiency reaches 70%; however, no such companion was observed. Our photometric microlensing data therefore do not contradict the existence of gas giant planets at any separation orbiting OGLE 2005-BLG-390L. Furthermore we find a detection probability for an OGLE 2005-BLG-390Lb-like planet of around 2-5%. In agreement with current planet formation theories, this quantitatively supports the prediction that sub-Neptune mass planets are common around low-mass stars
82903636	Synthesis and characterisation of Cr3+-containing NASICON-related phases	Chromium-containing NASICON-related phosphates of the type Na(1+x)CrxM(2−x)P3O12) (M = Ti, Hf, Zr) have been synthesised by solid state reaction and structurally characterised by Rietveld refinement of the powder X-ray diffraction data. Materials of composition A(1+x)/2CrxZr(2−x)P3O12 (A = Cd, Ca, Sr), have also been prepared and characterised. The crystal structure of Na(1+x)CrxM(2−x)P3O12 corresponds to R-3c symmetry for x values ranging from 0.15 to 2.00, whereas compounds of composition A(1+x)/2CrxZr(2−x)P3O12 corresponding to R-3c are obtained when x ≤ 1.00 for Sr2+ and Ca2+, and x ≤ 1.50 for Cd2+. The polarizing effect of the two different metal ions A and M on the phosphorus atom and the P–O bond was studied by both 31P MAS NMR and infrared spectroscopy and shows that the electron density on the phosphorus, and thus the strength of the P–O bonds, are affected by both the interstitial (A) and the structural (M) metal ions
82980808	Managing responsibility for student identities in a virtual world	None
82911590	Writing stage plays	One of three chapters on writing drama for the stage including activities and readings, and sections on - script layout; dialogue voices and character; idiom, dialect and idiolect; overheard phrases; overwriting; contrast and conflict; adaptations for the stage
82903605	X-Ray absorption and photoelectron spectroscopic investigation of vanadium interaction with NH4+- and Eu3+-exchanged zeolite-Y following calcination and steam treatment	X-Ray absorption near-edge structure, extended X-ray absorption ne structure and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy have been used to investigate the interaction of vanadium with both NH4+- and Eu3+-exchanged, dealuminated zeolite-Y. In both cases, samples were subjected to either calcination or steam treatment at temperatures in the range 100 to 800degreesC. Following deposition of vanadium, in the form of vanadyl(IV) acetylacetonate, there is evidence of a weak interaction between vanadium and the zeolite-Y framework. Under the conditions used in the work, treatment at increasing temperature, either in air or steam, results in the complete oxidation of V(IV) to V(V) at temperatures in the range 300 to 500degreesC. At temperatures exceeding 500degreesC, V(V) is present in tetrahedrally-distorted vanadium oxide species containing terminal V=O bonds, which are highly dispersed but bonded to the zeolite framework. These results show that the migration of vanadium into the zeolite-Y framework is not dependent on the presence of steam, nor is there any detectable influence of the exchanged Eu3+ cations
82903658	The SCUBA Half-Degree Extragalactic Survey - II. Submillimetre maps, catalogue and number counts	We present maps, source catalogue and number counts of the largest, most complete and unbiased extragalactic submillimetre survey: the 850-mum SCUBA Half-Degree Extragalactic Survey (SHADES). Using the Submillimetre Common-User Bolometer Array (SCUBA) on the James Clerk Maxwell Telescope (JCMT), SHADES mapped two separate regions of sky: the Subaru/XMM-Newton Deep Field (SXDF) and the Lockman Hole East (LH). Encompassing 93 per cent of the overall acquired data (i.e. data taken up to 2004 February 1), these SCUBA maps cover 720arcmin2 with a rms noise level of about 2mJy and have uncovered >100 submillimetre galaxies. In order to ensure the utmost robustness of the resulting source catalogue, data reduction was independently carried out by four subgroups within the SHADES team, providing an unprecedented degree of reliability with respect to other SCUBA catalogues available from the literature. Individual source lists from the four groups were combined to produce a robust 120-object SHADES catalogue; an invaluable resource for follow-up campaigns aiming to study the properties of a complete and consistent sample of submillimetre galaxies. For the first time, we present deboosted flux densities for each submillimetre galaxy found in a large survey. Extensive simulations and tests were performed separately by each group in order to confirm the robustness of the source candidates and to evaluate the effects of false detections, completeness and flux density boosting. Corrections for these effects were then applied to the data to derive the submillimetre galaxy source counts. SHADES has a high enough number of detected sources that meaningful differential counts can be estimated, unlike most submillimetre surveys which have to consider integral counts. We present differential and integral source number counts and find that the differential counts are better fit with a broken power law or a Schechter function than with a single power law; the SHADES data alone significantly show that a break is required at several mJy, although the precise position of the break is not well constrained. We also find that a 850-mum survey complete down to 2mJy would resolve 20-30 per cent of the far-infrared background into point sources
82922021	Aspects of Teaching Secondary Music: Perspectives on Practice	Aspects of Teaching Secondary Musicprovides a practical illustration of the skills, knowledge and understanding required to teach music in the secondary classroom. Musical concepts and ideas are discussed and a critical examination of key issues is given. This encourages the reader to engage with these thoughts and consider their views and beliefs in terms of how they will influence their potential to teach music in an inspired and effective manner. Gary Spruce draws on his long experience as a practitioner for the good of this book, with can be used along side the reader:Teaching Music in the Secondary Schoolto form a comprehensive resource for those studying for the PGCE. These combinations of practical and theoretical books are available in a range of subjects to accommodate all on the course
82911682	Community story exchange	Storytelling is a method by which members of a community communicate, learn and build identity. Here we describe community story exchange (CSE), a generic storytelling environment customised for two quite different communities. One is a special interest community of adults engaged in heritage. The other is a virtual community of two schools. In trails, CSE was successfully used by both communities and further extensions were suggested including an extended range of collaboration models and the incorporation of synchronous events
160275679	'A star-spangled dragon': What was the immediate effect of the McKinley Tariff on the South Wales tinplate industry: 1880-1895? A reassessment of Welsh production and foreign protectionism	None
82982700	Exploring attitudes and practices of General Practice staff towards offers of opportunistic screening for chlamydia: a UK survey	This study applied a theory-based questionnaire to examine the behaviours and beliefs of all practice staff who may be involved in offering chlamydia screens to young people aged 15-25 years old. We aimed to identify potential influencing factors and examine the organisational constraints, which may be amenable to change. The National Chlamydia Screening Programme offers opportunistic screening to men and women between 15 and 25 years old who have ever had sexual intercourse and primary care is the second largest source of screens. In England 15.9 of the target group were screened against a target of 17 in 2008. Interventions to improve the frequency of offers have shown effects with volunteer practices. A survey of 85 General Practices was completed by 55 doctors, nurses and receptionists. Interviews were conducted with 12 staff from three practices. Respondents were unable to identify the national screening target. Only half record if a patient is sexually active. Half the sample had some recollection of the frequency of offers they made, with a mean of 4 per month. These were predominantly in consultations concerning sexual health. Perceived social norms are favourable to screening and respondents have strong perceived control over offering screens, including to those under 16 who are sexually active. Attitudes towards screening were positive but disadvantages and barriers related to increased pressure on practice resources for longer consultations and contact tracing. There were no differences in beliefs and practice behaviours between medical and nursing staff. Future interventions should be targeted at increasing the range of consultations in which offers are made, demonstrating how to make offers without increasing consultation time, providing more complete records of sexual activity, screens and results, and encouraging audit and review within the practice to promote practice wide approaches to increasing opportunistic screening
160275695	'Poor Taffy' - Satirical Print of the Welsh during the English Civil War	None
593670171	The Sage Handbook of Global Sociology	The SAGE Handbook of Global Sociology addresses the ‘social’, its various expressions globally, and the ways in which such understandings enable us to understand and account for global structures and processes. It demonstrates the vitality of thought from around the world by connecting theories and traditions, including reflections on European colonization, to build shared, rather than universal, understandings
323304987	Towards co-operative working in alternative education	When I first sat down to write this article a few weeks ago, I was conscious of the ways in which my ‘voice’ might be situated amidst those of existing home educators and parents who have had no choice but to facilitate their children’s education at home. When a community resource emerges organically, as Learning in the Time of Corona has, there can sometimes be a disconnect between the intended purpose and the ways in which it might be populated in practice. I am acutely aware of the historical struggles that alternative educators have and continue to face in receiving mutual recognition and wider acceptance for the practice of enacting education differently, and sometimes without conventional schooling
82912496	Status and ambivalence in children's sibling relationships	None
82913668	The Barrow-in-Furness legionnaires' outbreak: qualitative study of the hospital response and the role of the major incident plan	Objective: To document the organisational response of Furness General Hospital to the large outbreak of legionnaire’s disease in April 2002 and assess the contribution made by the hospital’s major incident plan.Method: Qualitative analysis of interview transcripts and written comments from some staff involved in the management of the incident. Documentary analysis of major incident plan and other written materials.Results: The incident posed considerable managerial and clinical problems and this paper describes how they were overcome. In particular, strategies for dealing with supply (of staff, beds, and resources) and managing demand (by liaising with primary care and the public) seem to have been successful. Many functions necessary for managing the incident were poorly dealt with in the plan, especially procedures for handling the news media and liaison with agencies outside the hospital. Lack of explicit guidance appeared not to hinder the organisational response. There may have been an unspoken high level decision to allow staff to draw on their skills and experience in improvising a response to the initial challenge and learning adaptively as the incident unfolded. There was also evidence that staff disregarded existing job and role boundaries and focused instead on tasks, working flexibly to ensure that these tasks were completed.Conclusions: Protracted major incidents pose particular management challenges and may benefit from an approach different from that set out in typical major incident plans. Staff must be able to act flexibly and responsively. Some form of checklist or toolkit may be preferable to a detailed plan for some types of incident
593670281	New Information Technology in Education	First published in 1983, New Information Technology in Education surveyed developments in the field of information technology and demonstrated how it could be used to improve the quality of education. The book considered the experience of a wide range of countries, including the United States, Japan and those in Europe. While explaining the potential improvements that the new technology could bring, this book also reviewed the problem areas and helped educationalists to evaluate the relevance of the new technology for their own work. In an age of teaching via Zoom videos, it is interesting to take a look at a time when information technology in education was at its nascent stage. This book will be of interest to teachers and students of history, education, technology and pedagogy
82901024	Early Proterozoic Melt Generation Processes beneath the Intra-cratonic Cuddapah Basin, Southern India	Early Proterozoic tholeiitic lavas and sills were emplaced during the initial phase of extension of the intra-cratonic Cuddapah Basin, southern India. Ar-40-Ar-39 laser-fusion determinations on phlogopite mica,from the Tadpatri Fm mafic-ultramafic sill complex, constrain the age of the initial phase of extension and volcanism in the basin at 1.9 Ga. Despite their Early Proterozoic age, the igneous rocks are unmetamorphosed, undeformed and remarkably fresh. They exhibit a wide range in MgO contents (4-28 wt %) and have undergone varying degrees of accumulation or crystal fractionation. Variable La/Nb ratios (1.2-3.7) and epsilon(Nd) values (1 to -10) suggest that some, but not all, of the mafic rocks have been affected by crustal contamination. This appears to have taken place in magma chambers at similar to9 kbar, i.e. the base of the continental crust. Forward modelling of major and trace elements (Fe and Nd) and inverse modelling of rare earth elements suggest that the primary Cuddapah melts were generated by similar to10-15% partial melting of a lherzolite mantle source. This corresponds to a mantle Potential temperature of similar to1500degreesC. The thickness of the mechanical boundary layer predicted by the geochemical modelling is 70 km with a minimum initial lithospheric thickness of 120 kin. This corresponds to a stretching factor of 1.6-1.8. Richter's (1988) secular cooling model for the Earth predicts that, at 1.9 Ga, the ambient mantle had a potential temperature of similar to1500degreesC (i.e. similar to200degreesC hotter than Phanerozoic mantle). If the cooling model is correct then Proterozoic lithospheric stretching and mantle melting beneath the intra-cratonic Cuddapah Basin could have been caused by passive rather than active rifting
82903149	Morphology and growth of a hydroxybutyrate oligomer with 24 repeat units	The crystallization behaviour of an oligomer of hydroxybutyrate containing 24 repeat units has been studied over a wide range of temperature using optical microscopy to measure growth rates and observe morphologies and small angle X-ray scattering to measure crystal thicknesses. Crystals grew with a wide range of thicknesses between E/2 and E, where E is the extended chain length. Preferred crystal thicknesses corresponded to simple fractions of E, which result in a relatively higher proportion of chain folds in the surface. Growth rates peaked at 75 °C and were unusually scattered at temperatures corresponding to a change in preferred chain conformation. Spherulites grown at the lower temperatures were banded: as the crystallization temperature was increased the banding disappeared, the shapes of the spherulites became less regular, and a coarser texture associated with reduced branching developed
82976738	Using artefacts to mediate understanding in design conversations	The journey from the concept of a building to the actual built form is mediated with the use of various artefacts, such as drawings, product samples and models. These artefacts are produced for different purposes and for people with different levels of understanding of the design and construction processes. This paper studies design practice as it occurs naturally in a real-world situation by observing the conversations that surround the use of artefacts at the early stages of a building's design. Drawing on ethnographic data, insights are given into how the use of artefacts can reveal a participant's understanding of the scheme. The appropriateness of the method of conversation analysis to reveal the users' understanding of a scheme is explored by observing spoken micro-interactional behaviours. It is shown that the users' understanding of the design was developed in the conversations around the use of artefacts, as well as the knowledge that is embedded in the artefacts themselves. The users' confidence in the appearance of the building was considered to be gained in conversation, rather than the ability of the artefacts to represent a future reality
82901052	You Can Teach Anything!	The paper proposes some simple and practical mechanisms for training people to use computer systems. It was prepared alongside a practical session given at AUA conferences and at the University of Hull as part of a staff training initiative there
82982690	An exploration of the psychological factors affecting remote e-worker's job effectiveness, well-being and work-life balance	Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to explore the impact of remote e-working on the key research areas of work-life balance, job effectiveness and well-being. The study provides a set of generalisable themes drawn from the key research areas, including building trust, management style and the quality of work and non-working life. Design/methodology/approach: The paper is an exploratory study into the psychological factors affecting remote e-workers using qualitative thematic analysis of eleven in-depth interviews with e-workers, across five organisations and three sectors. All participants worked remotely using technology independent of time and location for several years and considered themselves to be experts. Findings: The paper provides insights into the diverse factors affecting remote e-workers and produces ten emerging themes. Differentiating factors between e-workers included access to technology, ability to work flexibly and individual competencies. Adverse impacts were found on well-being, due to over-working and a lack of time for recuperation. Trust and management style were found to be key influences on e-worker effectiveness. Research limitations/implications: Because of the exploratory nature of the research and approach the research requires further testing for generalisability. The emerging themes could be used to develop a wide-scale survey of e-workers, whereby the themes would be further validated. Practical implications: Practical working examples are provided by the e-workers and those who also manage e-workers based on the ten emerging themes. Originality/value: This paper identifies a number of generalisable themes that can be used to inform the psychological factors affecting remote e-worker effectiveness
82905099	Did Singapore have to fall? Churchill and the impregnable fortress	This book provides the reader with the information - historiography, facts, maps, statistics - most essential if they are to decide for themselves whether or not Singapore need have fallen in 1942. It covers everything from prewar planning to postwar memory, and especially shows how Churchill's conception of the island as a fortress impacted on planning
82913305	Consulenza per l'apprendente tandem	None
82923531	The self-made man: businessmen and their autobiographies in nineteenth century Britain	None
