id	title	abstract	labels
493194085	Anti-Trafficking (ILL-)Efforts: The Legal Regulation of Women’s Bodies and Relationships in Cambodia	Global imaginations on human trafficking have been captured by a robust mythology that constructs the consenting Third World sex worker as simply a victim of trafficking for sexual exploitation. This anti-trafficking discourse has influenced Cambodia’s legal reform, which has resulted in an increase of abuse against sex workers and has denied Cambodian women their right to marry foreign men. Despite evidence indicating the diversity of the sex industry and its correlation to different levels of sex workers’ autonomy, decision-makers have failed to revise the anti-trafficking framework to reflect the reality of the divergent lives of women who engage in sex as a livelihood	['SDG05', 'SDG08', 'SDG10', 'SDG16']
479296219	Unemployment and Making a Living	The issue of employment seems simple on the surface but conceals complexity and contestation. The massive transformations in global economy and society over the last decades include the huge change from rural to urban societies; disruptive changes from predominantly agrarian towards precarious service sector 'informal' employment; and moves from mechanical forms of industry towards the information age and the rise of the internet	['SDG08', 'SDG10']
478833192	‘Epidemics in a Mist’: Medical Climatology and Cholera in Victorian Visual Culture	The article explores how Victorian visual culture was a vital force in the construction and dissemination of medical theories on the connection between climate and health. During the nineteenth century, the seemingly inexplicable and deadly nature of many epidemic diseases compelled British medics to investigate all possible reasons for their spread. Focusing on cholera, the article will examine how, in an effort to understand what was seen at the time as a mysterious disease, Victorian medics increasingly concentrated on the climate of India and unusual weather in Britain as propagators of the malady. Supplementing the dominant miasma theory, medics explained how the seemingly airborne sources of cholera resulted from a state of England’s air that resembled the tropical environment of the subcontinent. In an effort to highlight the correlation between cholera and the atmosphere, they produced medical climatology reports containing diagrams that juxtaposed the data on the disease’s mortality rates with measurements of meteorological phenomena. These images, rather than serving simply as illustrations, became a crucial part of medical arguments. As the article will demonstrate, in attempting to visualize the medical climatology of cholera, the diagrams mapped the disease to certain atmospheric conditions, suggesting that cholera could be quantified and controlled. Yet, in doing so, the images also implied that cholera had a real material presence in the air of Britain, powerfully evoking visual tropes of the disease as a substance that had the potential to contaminate the very landscape of the nation	['SDG03']
541720690	Mobile Messaging and Resourcefulness: A Post-digital Ethnography	This book advocates a new post-digital linguistic ethnography approach to unpacking mobile communication and enabling a more informed understanding of individuals’ communicative practices in cities today. Drawing on data from a group of ordinary working people, multilingual individuals from superdiverse cities across the United Kingdom, the volume brings observations from this data together to form a new concept of ‘resourcefulness’ as a means of explaining the emergent sense of agency individuals develop towards remediating existing forms of technology in their everyday lives. The book in turn establishes the notion of the ‘networked individual’ by way of demonstrating the ways in which communicative practices cross spaces and platforms. Further chapters detail examples to highlight resourcefulness at work in enabling more efficient business communication, routes to self-expression and the creation and development of social support systems, while a concluding chapter looks at both the limitations and possibilities of resourcefulness and directions for future research. This innovative volume will be of particular interest to students and researchers in applied linguistics, sociolinguistics, linguistic ethnography, and media and communication studies	['SDG04']
428927379	Toward an LGBT-affirmative informed paradigm for children who break gender norms: A comment on Drummond et al	In this commentary, the author reviews methodological and conceptual shortcomings of recent articles by K. D. Drummond, S. J. Bradley, M. Peterson-Badali, and K. J. Zucker (2008) as well as G. Rieger, J. A. W. Linsenmeier, L. Gygax, and J. M. Bailey (2008), which sought to predict adult sexual identity from childhood gender identity. The author argues that such research needs to incorporate a greater awareness of how stigmatization affects identity processes. Multidimensional models of gender identity that describe variation in children’s responses to pressure to conform to gender norms are particularly useful in this regard (S. K. Egan & D. G. Perry, 2001). Experiments on the interpretation of developmental data are reviewed to evidence how cultural assumptions about sexuality can impact theories of sexual identity development in unintended ways. The author concludes that understanding the development of children presumed most likely to grow up with sexual minority identities requires a consideration of the cultural contexts in which identities develop and in which psychologists theorize	['SDG05', 'SDG10']
590242813	Nursing students experiences of end-of-life care	Background: Undergraduate nursing students spend a significant amount of time in clinical placements where they are involved in care at the end of a person's life and care after death. While their role is to provide compassionate care, some students feel wholly unprepared. Aims: The aim of this qualitative study was to explore student nurses’ experiences of care in death, dying and post death care, and to explore how students can be better prepared to provide such care. Methods: This is a qualitative descriptive study that is concerned with the subjective reality of participant's experiences. Findings: Six themes were developed from the analysis: first encounters with death and dying; preparedness; mentoring and support received; the caring role; striving to cope; working with families and working through COVID-19. Conclusion: Students described their experience of placements in end-of-life care as challenging, yet were also able to adopt ways to develop as compassionate practitioners	['SDG03', 'SDG04']
541720661	(Wo)men in the Middle: The Gendered Role of Supporting Prisoners	Prisons are, by their very nature, gendered institutions. Despite women making up a small percentage of the prison population (House of Commons Library, 2020), those supporting prisoners are generally women - especially mothers and partners (Booth and Masson, 2021; Codd, 2008). In understanding women’s experiences of criminal justice, it is prudent to consider the women who are punished by the system despite not being incarcerated themselves. This chapter sheds light on these women’s experiences. First, through a review of the growing international literature that illustrates how the economic and relational implications as well as the health, stigma and care for children of prisoners are overwhelmingly experienced by women in the community attempting to keep their families together. Following this, a case study showcasing the excellent work of one organisation, The Straight Path Resettlement Project (SPR) in Leicester, England, discusses Ferzana Dakri’s experience of working in the community with ‘BAME’ Muslim women who have imprisoned loved ones. In viewing prison as sites of punishment, and appreciating how these pains extend beyond those incarcerated, this chapter draws attention to the multiple ways that women supporting prisoners are simultaneously harmed	['SDG16', 'SDG05', 'SDG10']
564341549	ChatGPT and the Future of Legal Education and Practice	The launch of ChatGPT, a natural language open-source AI platform, in November 2022 has taken the world by storm and artificial intelligence appears to be at a watershed moment in technological advancement. This article explores the emergence of ChatGPT and considers the implications for legal education and practice. It will examine how Law Schools can develop strategies for assessments to make them more challenging for generative AI while educating students on its potential in the workplace. All legal educators are now on a journey to navigate the complexities of open-source AI technology and comprehend its implications. We cannot ignore or underestimate the potential impact on both legal education and legal practice, and we must consider new methods to incorporate AI technology into our teaching	['SDG04']
591806949	Validation of Chinese version of the 5-item WHO well-being index in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients	Background: For better disease management and improved prognosis, early identification of co-morbid depression in diabetic patients is warranted. the WHO-5 well-being index (WHO-5) has been used to screen for depression in diabetic patients, and its Chinese version (WHO-5-C) has been validated. However, its psychometric properties remain to be further validated in the type 2 diabetes patient population. The aim of our study was to examine the reliability and validity of the WHO-5-C in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Methods: The cross-sectional study was conducted on 200 patients from July 2014 to March 2015. All patients should complete the WHO-5-C, the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), the 20-item Problem Areas in Diabetes Scale (PAID-20), the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview (M.I.N.I), and Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D). Internal consistency of WHO-5 was revealed by Cronbach’s alpha, and constructive validity by confirmatory factor analysis (CFA). Relationship with PHQ-9, HAM-D, and PAID-20 was examined for concurrent validity, and ROC analysis was performed for criterion validity. Results: The WHO-5-C presented satisfactory reliability (Cronbach’s alpha = 0.88). CFA confirmed the unidimensional factor structure of WHO-5-C. The WHO-5-C had significant negative correlation with HAM-D (r = -0.610), PHQ-9 (r = -0.694) and PAID-20 (r = -0.466), confirming good concurrent validity. Using M.I.N.I as the gold standard, the cut-off value of WHO-5-C was 42, with a sensitivity of 0.83 and specificity of 0.75. Conclusion: The WHO-5-C holds satisfactory reliability and validity that is suitable for depression screening in type 2 diabetes patients as a short and convenient instrument	['SDG03']
478547507	Mapping Disagreement around Smart City devices	This paper is a preliminary report of a longterm participant-actor ethnography following a Smart City mobile phone app that is part of a EU research project. The study uses an actor-network theory approach to follow the app and via interviews with the app designer and observations of the EU research project, argues that these technologies are surprising human/machine hybrids whose main qualities are their affective affordances which enrol large numbers of users. The paper tracks a number of contradictory framings and uncovers ontological disagreement about what the app is sensing. Smart City technologies have not been black boxed yet, and are still at the stage of performing as affective hybrids that need to enrol actors. This means that the networks around Smart Cities are still malleable and it is still possible to critique existing tools and to develop new models and forms of agency for Smart City technologies	['SDG11', 'SDG09']
564341486	Innovations in cancer nursing education across Europe.	With 2.7 million people in the European Union diagnosed with cancer, 1.3 million people dying from cancer in 2020 and, without intervention, the mortality rates attributed to cancer projected to increase by 24% by 2035, there have been powerful mandates at European level to tackle the burden of cancer across Europe and at national level ( European Commission, 2021a , European Commission, 2021b ). Nurses play an important role caring for people affected by cancer as members of multi-disciplinary teams and playing a pivotal role in delivering, leading, developing cancer care and services at clinical and strategic levels ( Mitema et al., 2019 ; European Oncology Nursing Society, 2022 ). However, nursing and cancer care face challenges arising from workforce shortages, under-investment in services, variable education opportunities and under representation in decision-making. In response, Drury et al., 2023 set out an agenda for innovation and disruption across education, policy, research, profession and practice to ensure the sustainability of cancer care services and care for people living with, and after cancer. These authors argue for partnership, exchange of learning and co-design for the continued advancement of cancer nursing, with a critical focus on identifying and addressing inequities in role recognition and access to specialist cancer nursing education throughout Europe	['SDG04', 'SDG03']
591806906	Construction and Characterisation of CDR20291 ΔPaLoc Model Strains for the Study of Binary Toxin Regulation in Clostridium difficile.	Clostridium difficile is a Gram-positive, spore forming, anaerobic bacterium and is the leading cause of hospital-associated diarrhoea in the developed world. The two large monoglycosylating toxins A and B have long been recognised as the major virulence factors of C. difficile infection (CDI). The genes encoding these toxins reside on a conserved locus referred to as the PaLoc. So-called hyprevirulent or epidemic strains of C. difficile produce a third toxin in addition to A and B, the binary toxin, or CDT, from a different chromosomal locus. Initially the relevance of binary toxin to CDI was unknown but recent advances suggest that CDT plays a major role in C. difficile virulence.The Kuehne group seeks to further investigate the relevance of CDT to C. difficile virulence, and to unravel the molecular mechanisms regulating the production of binary toxin. In order to accomplish this effectively, it is necessary to be able to quantify binary toxin production without interference from the main virulence factors, Toxin A and B. This is best achieved by the construction of PaLoc-minus mutants of a hypervirulent strain such as CDR20291.In this study we have deleted the entire 18.42Kb PaLoc by two-step allelic exchange in CDR20291 ΔpyrE and CDR20291 ΔpyrEΔcdtR backgrounds. Supernatants collected from cultured mutants contained no detectable toxin A/B as determined by ELISA and did not induce cell-rounding in the Vero cell culture model without prior CDT activation.To our knowledge, this is the first published description of a clean in-frame ΔPaLoc mutant of C. difficile	['SDG03']
564341466	Beliefs of fun in learning and attitudes to inclusive education	A significant proportion of teachers are concerned about their capacity to satisfy the educational requirements of students with disabilities in general education classrooms. Fun in learning also has a good effect on the implementation of inclusion, as does the attitude of the teachers. There needs to be more data to support the differing perspectives on inclusive education held by general and special education teachers. This study's objective is to examine the outlook on inclusive education held by general and special education instructors in Indonesia and the link between their belief in fun teaching and learning. The Multidimensional Attitudes toward Inclusive Education Scales (MATIES) will be used to investigate attitudes about inclusive education. It comprises of 18 questions that are aimed at assessing the emotional, cognitive, and behavioral aspects of attitudes toward inclusion in an efficient way. The ten-item questionnaire has been devised to assess the fun of teaching and learning. Validity and dependability were used in the development of the instruments, whereas the Bivariate Correlate test was utilized to analyze the data. The highest subscale mean of teachers’ attitudes towards inclusion on the 1 to 6 scale is a behavioral scale which has a mean of approximately 4,82 (SD=0,79), and the mean for teachers belief about fun in learning is 3,27 from range 1 to 4 and SD=0,29 which is a high level of belief of fun in teaching	['SDG10', 'SDG04']
591441790	A Device for Prehabilitation of Total Knee Replacement Surgery (Slider): Usability Study	Background: Rehabilitation, or “prehabilitation,” is essential in preparing for and recovering from knee replacement surgery. The recent demand for these services has surpassed available resources, a situation further strained by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has led to a pivot toward digital solutions such as web- or app-based videos and wearables. These solutions, however, face challenges with user engagement, calibration requirements, and skin contact issues. This study evaluated the practicality of a low-contact, gamified device designed to assist with prehabilitation exercises.Objective: The study aimed to assess the practicality and user-friendliness of a newly designed physiotherapy device (Slider) that enables exercise monitoring without the need for direct contact with the skin.Methods: A total of 17 patients awaiting knee replacement surgery at a UK National Health Service (NHS) hospital participated in this study. They used the device over a 2-week period and subsequently provided feedback through a usability and acceptability questionnaire.Results:The study was completed by all participants, with a majority (13/17, 76%) finding the device intuitive and easy to use. The majority of patients were satisfied with the device’s ability to meet their presurgery physiotherapy requirements (16/17, 94%) and expressed a willingness to continue using it (17/17, 100%). No safety issues or adverse effects were reported by the participants.Conclusions: The results indicate that the device was found to be a feasible option for patients to conduct presurgery physiotherapy exercises independently, away from a clinical setting. Further research involving a larger and more diverse group of participants is recommended to validate these findings more robustly	['SDG03']
492011049	Long-term floristic and climatic stability of northern Indochina: Evidence from the Oligocene Ha Long flora, Vietnam	The antiquity of the tropical Asian flora is being revealed by recent detailed work on a number of Cenozoic plant megafossil sites, some of which have been radiometrically dated for the first time, but our knowledge of how the highly diverse modern biota came into being remains poor due to a sparsity of records. In this paper, we describe fossil plant assemblages from the Oligocene Dong Ho Formation of the Ha Long region, northern Vietnam. The Oligocene Ha Long megafossil flora has so far yielded 38 species, including conifers and angiosperms mainly belonging to Fagaceae, Lauraceae and Dipterocarpaceae, all with significant tropical Asian kinship. The Ha Long flora is similar to other Paleogene floras from southern China, especially those from the Pan Gulf of Tonkin region. The Ha Long floral composition is typical of a tropical-subtropical ecotone and the vegetation is reconstructed as a lowland tropical evergreen forest mixed with calcicole (limestone-loving) taxa. These taxa and the vegetation type they comprise still exist in this area. Palaeoclimate reconstruction made using both the Coexistence Approach and the Climate Leaf Analysis Multivariate Program indicate a mean annual temperature of ~20 °C, a coldest month mean temperature around 10 °C, and yearly precipitation averaging almost 2000 mm. These results suggest a warm and humid peripheral tropical environment. Floristic and climatic comparison within the Ha Long and other southern China palaeofloras reveals a long-term environmental, floristic and vegetational stability in this region since the Paleogene. This long-maintained plant diversity also provided a source for populating the East Asian flora and vegetation after the late Paleogene East Asian arid belt retreat	['SDG13', 'SDG15']
479004898	Techno-Legal Supertoys: Smart Contracts and the Fetishization of Legal Certainty	Smart Legal Contracts: Computable Law in Theory and Practice is a landmark investigation into one of the most important trends at the interface of law and technology: the effort to harness emerging digital technologies to change the way that parties form and perform contracts. While developments in distributed ledger technology have brought the topic of 'smart contracts' into the mainstream of legal attention, this volume takes a broader approach to ask how computers can be used in the contracting process.This book assesses how contractual promises are expressed in software and how code-based artefacts can be incorporated within more conventional legal structures. With incisive contributions from members of the judiciary, legal scholars, practitioners, and computer scientists, this book sets out to frame the borders of an emerging area of law and start a more productive dialogue between the various disciplines involved in the evolution of contracts as software. It provides the first step towards a more disciplined approach to computational contracts that avoids the techno-legal ambiguities of 'smart contracts' and reveals an emerging taxonomy of approaches to encoding contracts in whole or in part. Conceived and written during a time when major legal systems began to engage with the advent of contracts in computable form, and aimed at a fundamental level of enquiry, this collection will provide essential insight into future trends and will provide a point of orientation for future scholarship and innovation	['SDG16', 'SDG09']
565843280	The Implications of Large Language Models for CS Teachers and Student	The introduction of Large Language Models (LLMs) has generated a significant amount of excitement both in industry and among researchers. Recently, tools that leverage LLMs have made their way into the classroom where they help students generate code and help instructors generate learning materials. There are likely many more uses of these tools -- both beneficial to learning and possibly detrimental to learning. To help ensure that these tools are used to enhance learning, educators need to not only be familiar with these tools, but with their use and potential misuse. The goal of this BoF is to raise awareness about LLMs and to build a learning community around their use in computing education. Aligned with this goal of building an inclusive learning community, our BoF is led by globally distributed discussion leaders, including undergraduate researchers, to facilitate multiple coordinated discussions that can lead to a broader conversation about the role of LLMs in CS education	['SDG09', 'SDG04']
591441730	Confidentiality: a pocket guide for nursing and health care	In some ways confidentiality is a bit of a legal oddity and conundrum in health care. This is because it is something that all health care practitioners are required by their regulatory body to uphold, and there are very good reasons why they should do so, patients expect it to happen, and health care practitioners themselves believe that they have to maintain it; yet there is no absolute obligation on a health are practitioner to keep a patient’s information confidential. This book is a handy pocket-sized guide to confidentiality that clarifies the obligations that a health care practitioner has to their patient and the patient’s personal information. It places confidentiality in the clinical setting and relates the concepts underlying confidentiality and the principles of confidentiality to your practice	['SDG16', 'SDG03']
591441828	Material Setting and Reform Experience in English Institutions for Fallen Women, 1838-1910	Tracing the history of four English case studies, this book explores how, from outward appearance to interior furnishings, the material worlds of reform institutions for ‘fallen’ women reflected their moral purpose and shaped the lived experience of their inmates. Variously known as asylums, refuges, magdalens, penitentiaries, Houses or Homes of Mercy, the goal of such institutions was the moral ‘rehabilitation’ of unmarried but sexually experienced ‘fallen’ women. Largely from the working-classes, such women – some of whom had been sex workers – were represented in contradictory terms. Morally tainted and a potential threat to respectable family life, they were also worthy of pity and in need of ‘saving’ from further sin. Fuelled by rising prostitution rates, from the early decades of the nineteenth century the number of moral reform institutions for ‘fallen’ women expanded across Britain and Ireland. Through a programme of laundry, sewing work and regular religious instruction, the period of institutionalisation and moral re-education of around two years was designed to bring about a change in behaviour, readying inmates for economic self-sufficiency and re-entry into society in respectable domestic service. To achieve their goal, institutional authorities deployed an array of ritual, material, religious and disciplinary tools, with mixed results	['SDG05', 'SDG10']
591441754	Towards a post-imperial and Global IR?: Revisiting Khatami’s Dialogue among Civilisations	This article argues that Dialogue among Civilisations can be put forward as a crucial contribution to debates addressing IR’s Eurocentrism. It highlights the blurring of West/non-West, domestic/international, and imperial/post-imperial bifurcations. This is evident in three ways. First, Dialogue among Civilisations needs to be appreciated in Iran’s wider historical context and its multifaceted intellectual heritages. This demonstrates that the idea of the West as distinctly different from the East is problematic because of engagement between Iran and the so-called West. Second, Khatami’s intellectual endeavours are based on a simultaneous engagement with Western political thought, Islamic philosophy, and the idea of Ancient Iran. Finally, the notion itself reflects an internal dialogue whereby Western civilisation along with Islam and Iran’s pre-Islamic heritages are considered integral to Iranian political culture. Furthermore, it is an aspiration for how post-colonial Muslim societies can engage with colonial power while maintaining a post-colonial authenticity. Our contention is that an in-depth understanding of Iran alongside a revisiting of Khatami’s Dialogue among Civilisations can act as a means of bringing the perspective of the ‘other’ into debates on the international and our epistemological and ontological understanding of the West	['SDG10', 'SDG16']
543078030	Disturbance indicator values for European plants	Motivation: Indicator values are numerical values used to characterize the ecological niches of species and to estimate their occurrence along gradients. Indicator values on climatic and edaphic niches of plant species have received considerable attention in ecological research, whereas data on the optimal positioning of species along disturbance gradients are less developed. Here, we present a new data set of disturbance indicator values identifying optima along gradients of natural and anthropogenic disturbance for 6382 vascular plant species based on the analysis of 736,366 European vegetation plots and using expert-based characterization of disturbance regimes in 236 habitat types. The indicator values presented here are crucial for integrating disturbance niche optima into large-scale vegetation analyses and macroecological studies.Main types of variables contained: We set up five main continuous indicator values for European vascular plants: disturbance severity, disturbance frequency, mowing frequency, grazing pressure and soil disturbance. The first two indicators are provided separately for the whole community and for the herb layer. We calculated the values as the average of expert-based estimates of disturbance values in all habitat types where a species occurs, weighted by the number of plots in which the species occurs within a given habitat type.Spatial location and grain:Europe. Vegetation plots ranging in size from 1 to 1000 m2.Time period and grain: Vegetation plots mostly sampled between 1956 and 2013 (= 5th and 95th quantiles of the sampling year, respectively).Major taxa and level of measurement:Species-level indicator values for vascular plants.Software format:csv file	['SDG15']
543078028	Migrants as “dissonant harmony-seekers” and migrant life in “foam”	PurposeMigration of the Turkish new middle-class – high-skilled, well-educated, young professionals – has been growing in recent years. This paper explores their migration experience and discusses the role of physical and virtual bubbles in the formation of transnational communities and processes of adjustment to a new place.Design/methodology/approachThis paper is based on a qualitative inquiry collecting data via semi-structured interviews with 18 London-based Turkish migrants and a digital ethnographic study of three Facebook groups that bring together the Turkish migrant community in Richmond, London.FindingsFindings indicate that the migration of the new middle class differs conceptually from existing typologies. The paper proposes the concept of “dissonant harmony-seekers” and elaborates on their interactions to demonstrate that, in the Internet age, the traditional image of migrants living in isolated localised bubbles is no longer accurate. Findings also indicate a pragmatic and functional engagement with the bubbles, with migrants sporadically interacting with the bubbles to meet their individual needs in information, education and employment. Originality/valueThis paper contributes to the literature with the concept of dissonant harmony-seekers, which will gain more visibility in a world where the trend of democratic decline and rising authoritarianism will motivate a migratory move for people who confront a moral dissociation from the civil order in their homeland. The engagement of dissonant harmony-seekers with migrant communities challenges the conventional thinking that social identity is central to creating and maintaining bubbles. The other contribution of the paper to the literature is the metaphor of “foam” to capture the ephemeral and fugacious nature of the dynamics of migrant communities and practices	['SDG16', 'SDG10', 'SDG11']
565843302	Understanding Factors Associated with Burnout Symptoms amongst Investigators working on Rape and Serious Sexual Offence (RASSO) investigations in England and Wales	Prolonged stress leading to job-related burnout is of increasing interest in policing. Police officers involved in rape and serious sexual offences (RASSO) investigations experience heightened scrutiny alongside increased forensic demands whilst providing an accountable, victim-orientated service. The objective of the study was to examine correlates associated with burnout symptoms [emotional exhaustion (EE), depersonalization and lack of personal accomplishment (PA)]. RASSO investigators (n = 538) completed a cross-sectional online survey across five police force areas in England and Wales. Measures were screened using the Least Absolute Shrinkage and Selection Operator method, and three regression models were run against the three outcome measures. Excessive job demands encompassing workload, work–life balance and team pressures from colleagues and managers were strongly related to EE and DP. Male officers reported elevated levels of depersonalization. The learning climate was associated with all three burnout measures. The findings suggest that creating an effective learning environment for RASSO investigations and establishing effective organizational health policies to enhance team cohesion can reduce burnout. Further work is required to understand male officers’ higher levels of depersonalization	['SDG08', 'SDG03']
478833172	Earnings Management and Financial Reporting Fraud: Can External Auditors Spot the Difference?	The aim of this paper is to increase external auditors’ knowledge about earnings management and help them spot the difference between earnings management and financial reporting fraud. A thorough literature review was undertaken to achieve the paper’s aim. The secondary data used in this paper was obtained from different databases like Ebscohost, Business Search Premier, Academic Search Premier, Emerlad, Sciencedirect, and Jstor. The current paper suggests a new approach and way of thinking for external auditors that might help them in spotting the difference between earnings management and fraud. This new approach calls for the importance of considering management’s motives which is the main driver for all fraudulent activities. A set of recommendations for external auditors, researchers, and standards’ setters are provided in this paper. External auditors have to view external auditing in terms of the audit of motivations. Standards’ setters should provide external auditors with more guidelines regarding the audit of management’s motives. More research is still needed in management’s motives and integrity	['SDG16', 'SDG08']
590242830	Curriculum design	Framed by notions of language and what language education aims to achieve, this chapter explores issues around curriculum design for language learning. It asks what language learners may want to communicate and to whom, and how we can establish a framework which will support the development of understanding and competencies that are relevant in a global society. The chapter looks at current practice in UK Higher Education and discusses how language curricula are influenced by trends and policies, and further shaped by documents such as the revised Common European Framework, which is now taking account of mediation skills and plurilingual practices. In a case study, it critically explores the introduction and continued development of a new curriculum framework at the UK’s largest university, The Open University, between 2014 and 2023. Key issues include static versus more process-oriented approaches to curriculum design, the integration of a wide range of skills into language curricula, ongoing discussions around ‘content’ and ‘language’ teaching in Higher Education, and the inclusion of learners’ plurilingual repertoires. The strive to ‘decolonise the curriculum’ is highly pertinent for languages provisions and it seems essential to reflect on what languages are being offered and for what purpose, in what ways the field could and should be made more interdisciplinary and how diversity can be built into the curriculum itself	['SDG04']
590242828	Equity, diversity, and inclusion in open education: A systematic literature review	Equity, diversity, and inclusion (EDI) and open education are key areas in the current development of educational systems internationally. However, little is known about the general perspective of what has been addressed about EDI in open educational contexts to date. To address this gap, this paper presents a systematic literature review of 15 papers where we examined the current state of the art and the main suggestions for EDI implementation. Results indicate that practitioners should involve all stakeholders, including institutions, faculty members, and students, in EDI development to enhance open educational practices as well as in the cocreation of open educational resources which need to consider culture, language, and location, among others. This review of literature contributes an evidence base to support the future development and adoption of EDI in open educational contexts by organizing relevant literature into coherent themes that can inform future research	['SDG04']
493194119	Ethical tension in working with stakeholders	This chapter presents a debate about the ethical tension and conflict that can arise from working with multiple and diverse stakeholders in the context of social marketing. The practice of social marketing has always involved some degree of collaboration between social marketers and a range of different stakeholders. Stakeholder interactions include building relationships with funding agencies to gather the resources needed to support social marketing programmes, working with advertising and other related agencies to develop marketing communications strategies and materials, and engaging with target audiences to understand their needs and implement citizen-centric behaviour change strategies. Responsibilities and objectives for all stakeholders need to be identified, and processes need to be established to enforce appropriate accountabilities by regulating agencies. The chapter reviews McHugh, Domegan, and Duane’s understanding of a social marketing system as “a multiplicity of people and stakeholder groups interacting to create patterns of behaviours, choices, and values over time in a dynamic macro–micro context”	['SDG17']
479296206	HAR1: an insight into lncRNA genetic evolution	Long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) have a wide range of functions in health and disease, but many remain uncharacterized because of their complex expression patterns and structures. The genetic loci encoding lncRNAs can be subject to accelerated evolutionary changes within the human lineage. HAR1 is a region that has a significantly altered sequence compared to other primates and is a component of two overlapping lncRNA loci, HAR1A and HAR1B. Although the functions of these lncRNAs are unknown, they have been associated with neurological disorders and cancer. Here, we explore the current state of understanding of evolution in human lncRNA genes, using the HAR1 locus as the case study	['SDG03']
478268179	Comparing short and long-distance dispersal: Modelling and field case studies	Dispersal is a factor of great importance in determining a species spatial distribution. Short distance dispersal (SDD) and long distance dispersal (LDD) strategies yield very different spatial distributions. In this paper we compare spatial spread patterns from SDD and LDD simulations, contrast them with patterns from field data, and assess the significance of biological and population traits.Simulated SDD spread using an exponential function generates a single circular patch with a well-defined invasion front showing a travelling-wave structure. The invasive spread is relatively slow as it is restricted to reproductive individuals occupying the outer zone of the circular patch. As a consequence of this dispersal dynamics, spread is slower than spread generated by LDD. In contrast, the early and fast invasion of the entire habitat mediated by power law LDD not only involves a significantly greater invasion velocity, but also an entirely different habitat occupation. As newly dispersed individuals soon reach very distant portions of the habitat as well as the vicinity of the original dispersal focus, new growing patches are generated while the main patch increases its own growth absorbing the closest patches. As a consequence of both dispersal and lower density dependence, growth of the occupied area is much faster than with SDD.SDD and LDD also differ regarding pattern generation. With SDD, fractal patterns appear only in the border of the invasion front in SDD when competitive interaction with residents is included. In contrast, LDD patterns show fractality both in the spatial arrangements of patches as well as in patch borders. Moreover, values of border fractal dimension inform on the dispersal process in relation with habitat heterogeneity. The distribution of patch size is also scale-free, showing two power laws characteristic of small and large patch sizes directly arising from the dispersal and reproductive dynamics.Ecological factors like habitat heterogeneity are relevant for dispersal, although its importance is greater for SDD, lowering the invasion velocity. Among the life history traits considered, adult mortality, the juvenile bank and mean dispersal distance are the most relevant for SDD. For LDD, habitat heterogeneity and changes in life history traits are not so relevant, causing minor changes in the values of the scale-free parameters.Our work on short and long distance dispersal shows novel theoretical differences between SDD and LDD in invasive systems (mechanisms of pattern formation, fractal and scaling properties, relevance of different life history traits and habitat variables) that correspond closely with field examples and were not analyzed, at least in this degree of detail, by the previously existing models	['SDG15']
477971427	Luck in Food Finding Affects Individual Performance and Population Trajectories	Energy harvesting by animals is important because it provides the power needed for all metabolic processes. Beyond this, efficient food finding enhances individual fitness [1] and population viability [2], although rates of energy accumulation are affected by the environment and food distribution. Typically, differences between individuals in the rate of food acquisition are attributed to varying competencies [3], even though food-encounter rates are known to be probabilistic [4]. We used animal-attached technology to quantify food intake in four disparate free-living vertebrates (condors, cheetahs, penguins, and sheep) and found that inter-individual variability depended critically on the probability of food encounter. We modeled this to reveal that animals taking rarer food, such as apex predators and scavengers, are particularly susceptible to breeding failure because this variability results in larger proportions of the population failing to accrue the necessary resources for their young before they starve and because even small changes in food abundance can affect this variability disproportionately. A test of our model on wild animals indicated why Magellanic penguins have a stable population while the congeneric African penguin population has declined for decades. We suggest that such models predicting probabilistic ruin can help predict the fortunes of species operating under globally changing conditions	['SDG14', 'SDG15']
590957740	Biographies and Careers throughout Academic Life	The book draws on the 2007 Changing Academic Profession international survey in order to document the personal characteristics, career trajectories, sense of identity/commitment and job satisfaction of academics in 14 countries with different levels of economic and social development and different higher education systems. With nearly 26,000 academics surveyed in 19 countries (of which 14 are reporting their results in this volume), the empirical basis of the book is the most up-to-date and far-reaching in the area.With major changes taking place both in the local and global contexts of higher education and in the working conditions within individual universities, as exemplified by increasing managerialism and performance-based funding, it is important to consider the impact of these changes on the profiles and working lives of the academic profession across different countries. But it is also important to look at the ways in which the faculty’s changing profile impacts on the organisation and management of universities and on the delivery of their central functions.Although not always obvious in the short-term, academic work and its conditions attract, incorporate and promote different types of individuals who, in turn, exert considerable influence on the nature of academic work, higher education institutions and, potentially, society. As faculty members are central to the teaching, research and service enterprise activities of higher education, it is important to understand their personal characteristics, career trajectories, sense of identity and commitment, and job satisfaction. These are central for understanding the academic profession in general and, in particular, the factors affecting their involvement and productivity in the work of their institutions. These are a complex result of a mixture of contextual factors (e.g. the status and regulatory framework of the higher education system, the features and atmosphere of the particular institution) and personal factors (e.g. gender, educational attainment, family background, attitudes to work and broader social values).This book examines the different situations facing the academic profession in individual countries and provides comparative studies of country differences	['SDG04']
492385202	Defining the burden of febrile illness in rural South and Southeast Asia: an open letter to announce the launch of the Rural Febrile Illness project.	In rural areas of South and Southeast Asia malaria is declining but febrile illnesses still account for substantial morbidity and mortality. Village health workers (VHWs) are often the first point of contact with the formal health system, and for patients with febrile illnesses they can provide early diagnosis and treatment of malaria. However, for the majority of febrile patients, VHWs lack the training, support and resources to provide further care. Consequently, treatable bacterial illnesses are missed, antibiotics are overused and poorly targeted, and patient attendance wanes along with declining malaria. This Open Letter announces the start of a new initiative, the Rural Febrile Illness (RFI) project, the first in a series of projects to be implemented as part of the South and Southeast Asian Community-based Trials Network (SEACTN) research programme. This multi-country, multi-site project will run in Bangladesh, Cambodia, Lao PDR, Thailand, and Myanmar. It will define the epidemiological baseline of febrile illness in nine remote and underserved areas of Asia where malaria endemicity is declining and access to health services is limited. The RFI project aims to determine the incidence, causes and outcomes of febrile illness; understand the opportunities, barriers and appetite for adjustment of the role of VHWs to include management of non-malarial febrile illnesses; and establish a network of community healthcare providers and facilities capable of implementing interventions designed to triage, diagnose and treat patients presenting with febrile illnesses within these communities in the future	['SDG03']
493193980	The role of rapid prototyping in the generative design of mechanisms	Generative design supported by rapid prototyping presents a synthetic approach to facilitate the systematic discovery of design configurations. Graph and Shape Grammars have been used to generate engineering structures, and this paper extends this generation to kinematic mechanisms. Over-constrained spatial linkages are used to illustrate the benefits of RP in the generative design of mechanisms, for both understanding their complex motions and determining the shape of connecting links to avoid collisions. In generative design, rules generate new design configurations. Here, these rules determine both the geometric configurations of motion axes and the shapes of connecting elements, and constituent variable spatial relations in transformative shape rules give designs their kinematic functions. Over a sequence of several rule applications, it can be difficult to predict what new functional properties will emerge, but Rapid Prototyping can enable tangible evaluation at intermediate stages, indicating process changes required to realign the design with its required function	['SDG09']
478268209	Death, dying, and end-of-life care	Death is often considered to be a universal life event. However, how death comes about, and is experienced, is neither certain nor equal. Attending to dying – the process and events that lead to death – as well as death can provide an understanding of this variability and how people make sense of it. In this chapter, the concept of “good death” is used to critically examine end-of-life care, assisting both life-extensions and dying, and changing mortality trends. The purpose of this chapter is to illustrate some of the diversity surrounding death and dying in different contexts, and explore some of the trends that affect how deaths come to be evaluated as “good”. By discussing these contemporary, global issues, this chapter reveals how thinking about these issues critically illuminates that the social context of death is not as universal or equalising as it is sometimes presumed to be	['SDG03']
590957737	The dynamics of interpersonal trust: implications for care at times of psychological crisis	'Trust' can describe many different positive features of our social relationships with others. In this exploratory paper, we reflect on some of the ways in which people orient themselves towards others in the context of a psychological crisis, a time when trust may be threatened or eroded. We draw upon qualitative data extracts from two previously reported studies, in order to illustrate and develop some observations about the dynamics of relational trust during such periods of acute distress. We show how these dynamics arise out of particular contexts and have particular consequences for psychological health. We discuss how, in a relationship mediated by trust, it can sometimes be an act of care - towards self, or towards others - to filter and limit the extent of what one entrusts to another. We suggest that further consideration by philosophers can be very helpful to the mental health field here, if we are to understand the negotiation of interpersonal trust in the context of mental health crises. We note that it would be extremely helpful to understand more about how to create the kinds of environments which afford trust	['SDG03']
82980850	Categorising European experience: the ForAge Project and the construction of knowledge of later-life learning	The ‘Forage for Later-life Learning’ Project is an EU Lifelong Learning Programme Grundtvig multi-lateral network, funded 2012-2015. Its rationales are the development of a database of knowledge on later-life learning and the use of that database as a means of promoting discussion, understanding, recognition and change in later-life learning.This article discusses the objectives and rationale of the ForAge database and considers its intended target audiences. In particular, it argues that the database became eclectic, deliberately identifying and drawing on different “kinds” of knowledge. It shows how the main database categories, which determined how the knowledge was “constructed” were allowed to evolve and define themselves as the content of the database increased.The article discusses the justification and operational implications of the inclusion of material according to criteria of “relevance, quality and usefulness” and in both English and in other European languages.The article concludes that the database does not reveal the presence in Europe of a significant volume of fundamental research-based knowledge on later-life learning; that much of the knowledge collected is based on the presumption that later-life learning has second-order goals and that the database usefully hedges its bets on what counts as “knowledge” in the field of later-life learning	['SDG04']
82980814	3D Virtual Field Trips as a Service (VFTaaS): Learning Design	Virtual Field Trips as a Service (VFTaaS) involves using game-based technology to enable the creation of a library of three-dimensional (3D) Virtual Field Trips (VFTs) (and other fieldwork experiences) covering multiple sites in the UK and abroad (and even off planet, such as a trip to Mars). In addition to providing access to the library, VFTaaS focuses on the pedagogical and commercial considerations to enable institutions to contribute new artefacts to the library, such as 3D locations (e.g. part of Snowdonia), or 3D simulations (e.g. model of a brain), or processes (e.g. high tides), or activities (e.g. ‘sample virtual transects to gather data on species of heather’), and contribute new learning experiences (e.g. customised lesson plans) to existing materials in the library.Towards the research objectives, we investigated the following:• pedagogical underpinnings of 3D virtual environments and 3D VFTs in disciplines such as geology, biology, environmental science/studies and geography which are founded on field observations, exploration and enquiry.• potential of integrating VFTs within the curricula in schools and in HEIs.• perceptions of educators, students and assessment bodies towards 3D VFTs, and virtual fieldwork, in general; we used the Virtual Skiddaw App in workshops and presentations to illustrate the concept of a 3D VFT.• views of stakeholders towards VFTaaS and elicited the advantages, challenges with adopting VFTaaS, and their requirements for VFTaaS.The empirical investigations have been user-centred – focussing on the stakeholders and particularly, the end-users such as educators, students and fieldwork specialists, and we have interacted with them via interviews, workshops, demonstrations and a survey to elicit their perceptions and requirements	['SDG04', 'SDG09']
360346727	Exploring the role of humans and climate over the Balkan landscape: 500 years of vegetational history of Serbia	We present the first, well-dated, high-resolution record of vegetation and landscape change from Serbia, which spans the past 500 years. Biological proxies (pollen, spores, and charcoal), geochemical analysis through X-ray Fluorescence (XRF), and a detailed chronology based on AMS 14C dating from a western Serbian sinkhole core suggest complex woodland-grassland dynamics and strong erosional signals throughout the Little Ice Age (LIA). An open landscape with prominent steppe vegetation (e.g. Poaceae, Chenopodiaceae) and minor woodland exists during 1540–1720CE (early LIA), while the late LIA (1720-1850CE) in this record shows higher tree percentages possibly due to increased moisture availability. The post LIA Era (1850–2012CE) brings a disturbed type of vegetation with the presence of weedy genera and an increase in regional woodland. Anthropogenic indicators for agricultural, pastoral and fire practices in the region together attest to the dominant role of humans in shaping this Balkan landscape throughout the interval. The changing nature of human interference, potentially as a response to underlying climatic transitions, is evident through large-scale soil depletion resulting from grazing and land clearance during the early LIA and stabilization of arable lands during the late and post-LIA eras	['SDG13', 'SDG15']
360346725	An Examination of Long-Term Environmental-Social Dynamics in the Balkans	This study examines the interactions of environmental and social dynamics in Central Balkans over the past millennium, a period that experienced three major climatic phases (Medieval Climate Anomaly, Little Ice Age, and the warm 20th century). Meanwhile, the same period witnessed a complex human history with the emergence-rise-decline of the Ottoman Empire and subsequent socio-political events (e.g. wars, famines, migrations). Environmental datasets for the analysis include biological proxies (pollen, spores, and charcoal), geochemical signals through X-ray fluorescence (XRF), and a detailed chronology based on AMS 14C dating of two western and central Serbian lakes while social datasets include historic population data, land use, settlement patterns, and critical historic events derived from a review of the literature and local archives. Among the environmental datasets, indigenous tree and herbaceous pollen from these Central Balkans records demonstrate fluctuations in woodland-grassland dynamics whereas potassium and titanium counts obtained through XRF act as a proxy for surface erosion and clastic input into the lakes. Microscopic charcoal, cereal pollen and subordinate anthropogenic pollen (e.g. cultivated fruits and vegetables) are used to distinguish strong human impact over the landscape. These key anthropogenic indicators create a more thorough social component of the analysis in association with the social datasets. After reconstructing the individual time series for each environmental and social dataset, the two Central Balkan records are correlated in order to identify the environmental and social homogeneity and heterogeneity patterns occurring at shorter and longer timescales during the period. Results provide insights on how a region responds to social and environmental stressors and our approach demonstrates ways to integrate natural and social science system research	['SDG13', 'SDG15', 'SDG11']
82904560	The transition of a Scottish Young Persons’s Centre — a dialogical analysis	This chapter follows the progress of the Young Person’s Centre (YPC), a training & guidance centre for young unemployed people, in it’s transition from a programme-centred service to a person-centred service. Sixteen months of participatory action research was carried out, involving interviews, observation and consultancy.  Communication and social change are understood using a Bakhtinian dialogical analysis of the situated utterances of managers, staff and young people where YPC is presented as a multi-voiced organization. This involved the analysis of four levels of dialogue, the face-to-face dialogue of members, the internal dialogue of the dialogical self, the internal dialogism of words-in-use and finally the dialogue of the self, as social agent, with the public sphere.  In conclusion the term ‘person-centred’ is understood as ‘symbolic capital’ where trading in this new conceptual currency has resulted in successful outcomes, but equally it is a currency which some members have access to and others do not	['SDG08', 'SDG10']
369424238	Doing the COVID-19 pivot: how to deliver effective library teaching online	The Open University (OU) is the UK's largest distance education university and OU librarians teach almost exclusively online. In May and June 2020, members of the award winning Lie Engagement team led two one hour events to share their practical experiences and top tips for teaching library skills online. Given the urgent need to move in-person teaching to online teaching we should have been surprised (although we were) that we had more than 1000 participants	['SDG04']
82904509	Knowledge Translation Capability and Public-Sector Innovation Processes	Public sector organisations are increasingly becoming aware of the need to harness the innovative capacity of their employees. In the UK many public sector research institutes have put in place processes to increase the speed at which new technological innovations are exploited and commercialised. These types of initiatives have also been implemented into public sector service organisations. For these service organisations innovations occur not just from formal research projects but are also practice based, developed by staff in the course of their normal work. This paper suggests that practice-based innovations can be seen as relying heavily on Mode 2 knowledge production. Using the UK’s National Health Service as an example, the characteristics of practice-based innovations are characterised as tightly coupled to their development context and combining hard and soft technologies. A model of knowledge translation capability is presented that supports Mode 2 knowledge production and is then used to analyse a case study of a practice based NHS innovation. Implications for NHS innovation policy are suggested and further areas of research into public a sector innovation processes outlined	['SDG03', 'SDG09']
82972046	Screening for disability: a eugenic pursuit?	This article is written in response to the idea that selective termination may be eugenic. It points out that a mixture of motives and goals may inform screening programmes and selective termination for fetal abnormality without the intention being “eugenic”. The paper locates modern genetics within the tradition of humanist medicine by suggesting that parents who choose to terminate a pregnancy because of fetal abnormalities are not making moral judgments about those who are living with these abnormalities already. Rather they are making judgments about their own lives and the lives of their children in relation to this genetic disorder. It concludes by introducing several caveats about the counselling that parents receive after the results of the testing and suggests that counselling inevitably contains a directive element because of the nature of the information covered	['SDG03', 'SDG10']
82904358	Work-life balance	Prompted to some degree by policies and concerns promoted by the European Union, and the Council of Europe, the set of issues now widely termed ‘work-life balance’ is much discussed in academic and policy circles in the United Kingdom and in Germany. It is also moving up the agenda of British and German employers and trade unions. The range of issues embraced by the term work-life balance crosses disciplines and traditional boundaries. It covers aspects of gender, gendered time, work and family relationships, and the implications of these for issues such as staff retention and motivation, excessive working hours, part-time working, time off for special purposes, and combining family and work- all in relation to limited amount of working and personal time we have at our disposal	['SDG05', 'SDG08']
82971983	Traffickers: Drug Markets and Law Enforcement	Traffickers presents new findings into the most mythologised and least understood area of crime and law enforcement. The chamelion reality of the world of drug trafficking is described in the words of traffickers and detectives. Drug enforcement combines the banal and spectacular in surveillance, covert operations and criminal intelligence. The war on drugs is a harbinger of wider changes in the organisation of policing and international cooperation. Traffickers explores the struggle that transforms policing and punishment as it stimulates the imagination	['SDG16']
82904406	Reducing Build Time through Precompilations for Evolving Large Software	Large-scale legacy programs take long time to compile, thereby hampering productivity. This paper presents algorithms that reduce compilation time by analyzing syntactic dependencies in fine-grain program units, and by removing redundancies as well as false dependencies. These algorithms are combined with parallel compilation techniques (compiler farms, compiler caches), to further reduce build time. We demonstrate through experiments their effectiveness in achieving significant speedup for both fresh and incremental builds	['SDG09']
82908836	Recording and transcribing talk in educational settings	About the book: English Language Teaching in its Social Context offers sociolinguistic, ethnographic, and social-psychological perspectives on TESOL teaching and learning and introduces the relevant literature on second language acquisition. Together with its companion volumes, it presents English language teaching in a variety of specific institutional, geographic and cultural contexts.The articles - a range of seminal and specially commissioned pieces - have been carefully chosen to present four major principles of English language teaching:* they focus on the roles played by teachers and learners* recognise the individuality of language learners* support teachers in the provision of active guidance for students' learning* examine both positive and negative patterns of interaction between learners and teachers.This Reader offers people unfamiliar with research in this field an overall impression of English language teaching issues while allowing the more experienced reader the opportunity to relate his or her own experiences to the theories presented	['SDG04']
82904775	The reflexive engineer: perceptions of integrated development	The professional ideology of engineers is said to be rooted in feelings of self-importance and a belief in an ability to lead based on qualities of technical expertise and rational decision making not held by the public at large.  This paper outlines the views of another group of engineers, labelled ‘reflexive engineers’, having a much more integrated view of socio-technical systems.  Interviews were conducted with engineers working in the Global South in fields such as community water supply and sanitation.  The paper aims to uncover how they make sense of the social and how they perceive factors shaping development practice	['SDG06', 'SDG09']
82908832	Children's Cultural Worlds	Children's Cultural Worlds looks at the distinctiveness of children's cultural worlds by exploring the everyday activities of young children through to teenagers. Topics include friendships and the significance of play, how children use language to construct relationships and identities, the role of print literature, other media and information technology in children's lives, and their growing power as consumers. Features of each volume include: * An interactive text * Carefully-selected case studies and readings * Attractive layout and colour design throughout * A high level of illustration * Clear and 'student-friendly' styl	['SDG04']
491028285	Epistemic public criminology: The fallacies of evidence-based policing	There is now widespread agreement amongst theorists and commentators that there has been a sea-change in the culture of crime control since the 1970s. New paradigms and sensibilities about the institutions of criminal justice have arisen, not least amongst those scholars who concern themselves with questions to do with the institution of statutory policing. The interplay between scientific epistemology and political intelligence continues to provide a backdrop to the contemporary public engagements of criminology. The theory of evidence-based policing assumes that there is a correct, objective analysis of risk that is superior to the knowledge police might otherwise use to resolve their information dilemmas. Community-based policing ‘capitalizes on the resources of communities to identify and control crime’ and rests upon the idea that citizens can be enlisted to help ‘co-produce’ community safety. The fallacies of evidence-based policing arise through errors resulting from the kind of reasoning that wants to find the evidence to confirm the conclusions it has already reached	['SDG16']
186327547	The atmosphere of the ward: Attunements and attachments of everyday life for patients on a medium-secure forensic psychiatric unit	The climate or atmosphere of a ward in secure psychiatric care is typically studied by examining the relationship between social and environmental factors. However the experiences of patients are irreducible to a set of discrete dimensions or factors. Drawing on recent work in affect theory and architectural studies, we argue for an approach to atmosphere that places it ‘in-between’ persons and space, as a ‘spatially extended quality of feeling’ of which patients are intimately aware. The article discusses empirical material drawn from a broader study of inpatient medium-secure forensic care in a large hospital in the South of England. We show how the process of becoming attuned to the fluctuations and shifts in the atmosphere of the ward is a critical aspect of everyday life for patients. Attunement cuts across existing notions of power and resistance in these settings. We also demonstrate how attachments to a range of objects, some created by patients, can either expand or punctualize attunement, enabling change in the overall atmosphere. We conclude by speculating on how we might rethink spaces of recovery on an ethospheric basis	['SDG03']
528399559	Beginning, becoming and belonging: using liminal spaces to explore how part-time adult learners negotiate emergent identities when embarking on undergraduate online study	Using the concept of liminal spaces, this paper discusses findings from a study exploring the experiences of fifteen adults as they negotiate their identity as online learners during the first module on a part-time undergraduate degree programme. Online programmes enable adult learners with diverse backgrounds and responsibilities to choose when and how they study and therefore make decisions of how their aspirations are best met. The convenience and flexibility of these hybrid spaces enables them to take control of their learning. However, such benefits are reliant upon negotiating new ideas, technologies, constructs of learning and emergent identities which may sit at the counterpoint of existing roles, responsibilities and experiences. For some, this period of transition can consequently be characterised by disorientation and liminality. The findings presented here provide new insights into the experiences of adults who choose to study online, highlighting the extent of the entanglement between their emergent identities and personal lifeworld. I explore the interplay of the factors which shape these early encounters and, using a narrative approach, examine how identities are forged, how the opportunities and challenges presented by online spaces are negotiated, and the importance of a sense of belonging. This approach contributes to the growing field of online research methods through an innovative use of online reflective journals and Skype interviews and further extends the writing on liminality into online spaces. Although the data for this study was collected and analysed before the COVID-19 pandemic, I examine what we, as educator-researchers, can learn from these narratives and how this might inform our professional practice in the COVID-19 context	['SDG04']
82908956	Peripherality and economic development	About this book: Margins in European Integration explores a new, important perspective for an expanding Europe: that as integration attempts to accommodate to an ever greater kaleidoscope of economic interests and political positions, margins and marginality become visible, perpetual features of the 'integrated' Europe, and permanent elements in the dynamics shaping it	['SDG10', 'SDG08']
82980844	Unsupervised contact in the age of new technology: possible solutions	ObjectivesTo consider the phenomenon that is unsupervised contact by young people in care with members of their social network using mobile technologies and social media, and how social  work practitioners may best respond to the associated risks and opportunities.MethodsDoctoral research literature review that has focused on the use of mobile technologies by adolescents, and then more specifically adolescent children in care.  The review of the literature has also taken into account brain development, attachment as well as the discipline of educational psycho-therapy.ResultsThe literature review has highlighted that unsupervised contact by adolescents when undertaken and pursued is complex and risky because of the lack of support to manage the emotional complications. Moreover, there is the added difficulty of practitioners being unable to effectively manage the nature and level of contact which may have a detrimental effect on the wellbeing of the young person, as well as leading to greater likelihood of placement disruption.  These findings coupled with the adolescent brain development go some way to explain the behaviour of adolescents in care who pursue unsupervised contact because it  is a type of strange and exciting experience which leads to communication with others in a fashion that is not hemmed in by spatial location, time or social conventions.ConclusionsChild and Family social work practitioners will need to acquire a greater understanding of mobile technologies and how they are used by adolescents in care.  Moreover, in accordance with the current literature on adolescent brain development social work practitioners will need to give greater attention to the decision-making skills of adolescents in care to ensure that an environment of ‘cold cognition’ is created which may promote a better understanding of choices made and the subsequent consequences.  Child and Family social work practitioners can also learn from the educational psychotherapeutic field, in particular Bomber  (2009) who identifies that the key to effective support of young people who are experiencing attachment-related difficulties is through the process of emotional scaffolding which involves demonstrating to them that they are ‘kept in mind’, particularly during their numerous transitions	['SDG03']
82907369	La femme de couleur dans les contes populaires français	A study of the treatment of black African women in French traditional folktales from various regions	['SDG05']
82980752	A sociocultural perspective on negotiating digital identities in a community of learners	Three dimensional virtual world environments are becoming an increasingly regular feature of the education landscape, providing the opportunity for richly graphical augmented and immersive learning activities. Those who participate in these experiences must mediate through an avatar, negotiating and managing the complexities of this new variation of digital identity alongside their more familiar identity as learner and/or teacher/facilitator. This chapter describes some key moments in the construction of our own digital identities as a lecturer and a student in the Open University’s community in Second LifeTM. We explore our experiences in relation to the impact of trust and consistency from a sociocultural perspective, privileging the role of social interaction and context where meaning is socially produced and situationally interpreted, concluding that social interaction is pivotal to any meaningful identity development that takes place. The chapter ends with thoughts for future issues surrounding digital identity in relation to lifelong learning	['SDG04']
305114233	Normalising abortion: what role can health professionals play?	Background: Despite being a common gynaecological procedure, abortion continues to be widely stigmatised. The research and medical communities are increasingly considering ways of reducing stigma, and health professionals have a role to play in normalising abortion as part of routine sexual and reproductive healthcare (SRH). We sought to investigate how health professionals may normalise abortion and challenge prevailing negative sociocultural narratives.Methods: As part of the Sexuality and Abortion Stigma Study (SASS), qualitative secondary analysis was conducted on two datasets containing health professionals’ accounts of providing abortion in Scotland and England. A subsample of 20 interviews were subjected to in-depth, thematic analysis.Results: Four key themes were identified in heath professionals’ accounts: (1) encountering resistance to abortion from others working in SRH; (2) contending with prevailing negative sociocultural narratives of abortion; (3) enacting overt positivity towards abortion provision; and (4) presenting abortion as part of normal, routine healthcare.Conclusions: It is clear that negative attitudes toward abortion persist both inside and outside of healthcare systems, and need to be challenged in order to destigmatise those accessing and providing services. Health professionals can play a key role in normalising abortion, through the ways in which they frame their work and present abortion to women they treat, and others more widely. Our analysis suggests a key way to achieve this is by presenting abortion as part of normal, routine SRH, but that appropriate support and structural change are essential for normalisation to become embedded	['SDG03', 'SDG05']
82908935	Neglected aspects of the East Asian financial crisis	The crisis of 1997 involved a serious disruption within the financial systems of the East Asian economies. A substantial literature on the causes and results of the crisis subsequently accumulated, and while there has been a certain convergence of opinion, a number of factors appear to be consistently ignored or given insufficient attention. An attempt is made below to correct this imbalance. Attention is initially focused on some of the key influences affecting financial systems, and particular consideration is given to the influence of space. The nature, form and causes of the crisis are then examined, along with a discussion of the post-crisis recovery and the role of the state in this connection. The commentary concludes with an identification of the more important implications of the crisis and the lessons to be learnt from these	['SDG10', 'SDG08']
82972876	Ground temperature profiles and thermal rock properties at Wairakei, New Zealand	Here we present ground temperature data from Wairakei, Taupo, New Zealand. The surface zone in this area extends to 0.5 m, while the shallow zone extends to at least 7.39 m. It is expected that the deep zone starts close to this depth and will exhibit a constant temperature of approximately 14.3°C, 1–2°C higher than the mean ambient temperature at this site. Shallow ground temperatures are predominantly influenced by the ambient air temperature and to a lesser extent the amount of rainfall. Modelling of the thermal waves, taking conductive and convective heat transfer into account, enables estimates of thermal diffusivity, volumetric heat capacity and thermal conductivity, whose mean values based on data from August 2010–April 2011 were 3.48 × 10−7 m2 s−1, 2.35 × 106 J m−3 K−1 and 0.89 W m−1 K−1 respectively. These estimates are within the same ranges as previous estimates of the thermal properties at Wairakei, although the mean values are slightly higher. This finding is consistent with the increased amount of recharge that occurred during the experimental period. Increased understanding of ground temperature and thermal rock properties is valuable for the development of low enthalpy geothermal resources as well as having applications in hydrology, agronomy and climatology	['SDG07', 'SDG13']
459156672	Environmental justice in urban greening for subtropical Asian cities: the view from Taipei	Whilst an extensive body of literature exists on the environmental justice implications of urban greening in North America, Europe and to an extent Australasia, there are fewer analogous studies for tropical zone Asian city contexts. Given increasing global interest in the potential for urban greenspace to contribute to resilience in the face of environmental change and the higher vulnerability of Asian cities to environmental shocks, this is a notable gap. In response, this paper evaluates the contours of environmental justice debates within urban greenspace planning for one subtropical Asian city—Taipei. Through analysis of newspaper reporting on urban greenspace planning within Taipei, the potential and limitations of greenspace planning in contributing to equitably delivering benefits from urban greenspace towards resilience are assessed. Findings suggest that claims to environmental injustice in greenspace debates within Taipei follow broadly similar lines to controversies in Europe and North America. Nevertheless, the need for specific knowledge to understand the different ecosystem services provided by tropical zone ecosystems, and the potential for conflicts over greenspace versus development to be heightened in dense Asian city settings, are highlighted as potential areas where environmental justice debates in an Asian urban greening context may differ from Western cities	['SDG11', 'SDG13', 'SDG15']
459156484	Experiences of teachers who have engaged their classrooms in citizen science activities	Despite the current focus on understanding what and how young people learn when participating in Citizen Science (CS) activities, teachers’ involvement and experience have received less attention. This study explored the experiences of teachers who have engaged their classrooms in CS activities. The main findings from 56 survey responses and 11 interviews indicate that teachers’ motivations are mainly to improve their professional development, to communicate with scientists and researchers, and to develop students’ skills and knowledge. Teachers engage in many types of CS projects and initiate collaborative activities with local and other science groups, universities, and other schools. Teachers use a range of teaching approaches such as hands-on experience, linking curriculum to daily life, collaborative learning, and parental engagement. Challenges that teachers confront include institutional bureaucracy, limited resources, and lack of student motivation. Insights from this study contribute to raising awareness of CS projects and designing more engaging activities for classrooms	['SDG04']
82904380	Did Paleogene North Atlantic rift-related eruptions drive early Eocene climate cooling?	The delivery of volcanogenic sulphur into the upper atmosphere by explosive eruptions is known to cause significant temporary climate cooling. Therefore, phreatomagmatic and phreatoplinian eruptions occurring during the final rifting stages of active flood basalt provinces provide a potent mechanism for triggering climate change.During the early Eocene, the northeast Atlantic margin was subjected to repeated ashfall for 0.5 m.y. This was the result of extensive phreatomagmatic activity along 3000 km of the opening northeast Atlantic rift. These widespread, predominantly basaltic ashes are now preserved in marine sediments of the Balder Formation and its equivalents, and occur over an area extending from the Faroe Islands to Denmark and southern England. These ash-bearing sediments also contain pollen and spore floras derived from low diversity forests that grew in cooler, drier climates than were experienced either before or after these highly explosive eruptions. In addition, coeval plant macrofossil evidence from the Bighorn Basin, Wyoming, USA, also shows a comparable pattern of vegetation change. The coincidence of the ashes and cooler climate pollen and spore floras in northwest Europe identifies volcanism as the primary cause of climate cooling. Estimates show that whilst relatively few phreatomagmatic eruptive centres along the 3000 km opening rift system could readily generate 0.5–1 °C cooling, on an annual basis, only persistent or repeated volcanic phases would have been able to achieve the long-term cooling effect observed in the floral record. We propose that the cumulative effect of repeated Balder Formation eruptions initiated a biodiversity crisis in the northeast Atlantic margin forests. Only the decline of this persistent volcanic activity, and the subsequent climatic warming at the start of the Eocene Thermal Maximum allowed the growth of subtropical forests to develop across the region	['SDG13']
82904356	Higher Education and the Knowledge Society: issues, challenges and responses in Norway and Germany	This paper investigates how employers and university leaders in two very different countries, Germany and Norway, are responding to the challenges imposed by the global knowledge economy and the 1999 Bologna Declaration. It asks: Does society need more or fewer graduates? What competencies do employers expect of their graduate workers? How do higher education institutions perceive their responsibility towards the employability of their graduates? Both countries offer the opportunity to illustrate responses to shared challenges. From a comparative perspective a number of issues have emerged. In Germany, the country’s federal structure with divided responsibilities remains a cause of frustration. Reforms are slow and laden with complexities. Norway’s centralised system of higher education, on the other hand, and the availability of resources, has eased higher education reforms but not anxieties about the country’s economic future ‘once the oil runs out’. However, the successes of two mass higher education systems built on Humboldtian traditions are also discussed	['SDG04', 'SDG08']
82978073	A research paradigm for systems agriculture.	Commencing in the late 19708 a multidisciplinary group of staff at Hawkesbury Agricultural College embarked on what we now understand as an Action Research Project. Our experiences of agriculture in Australia, UK, Asia, Africa and South America convinced us that agriculture is a complicated human activity involving uncertainty and change. From our interactions with farmers and employers across the agricultural sector we increasingly believed that our graduates were not being sufficiently equipped to cope with this complexity and change - to be professional agriculturalists for the twenty-first century (Macadam and Bawden 1985). We were also conscious ofDahlberg's (1979) assertion that the 'conceptual maps that most people have of agriculture fail to recognise it as the basic interface between people and their environments.'We decided to investigate ways of learning about how to improve problem situations in agriculture. This required the development of insights into the learning-problem-solving- research process, which we elucidate subsequently. Through this process we have come to view problems as 'things that never disappear utterly and that cannot be solved once and for all' (Lakoff and Johnson 1980) in contrast to the present widely held view of problems as puzzles for which, typically, there is a correct solution. To convey this meaning we use here the phrase 'improve problem situations' rather than 'solve problems.'In this paper we will first outline the conditions in Australian agriculture that led us to decide to adopt a systems approach at Hawkesbury, which we are calling systems agriculture.We will follow this with an outline of the methodologies of the approach and relate these to a psychology of learning. For debate during the workshop, we will present our perception of the relative position of systems agriculture in the spectrum of systems approaches to research in agriculture and postulate a model of influences on their evolution. Finally, we will outline our views on the application of systems agriculture in researching complex problem situations in agriculture	['SDG12', 'SDG02', 'SDG04']
82910405	Re-purposing for open education: evolving roles, responsibilities and processes	This paper explores processes designed to support large-scale re-purposing for an open education repository. The context for the discussion is provided by OpenLearn, the Open Content Initiative of the UK Open University (UKOU). OpenLearn is a major initiative funded by the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation that aims to repurpose several thousand study-hours of existing UKOU learning materials. A core challenge for OpenLearn has been to establish an appropriate context to enable re-purposing of learning resources written primarily for print. The response to this challenge has been to create a streamlined production structure to support a team including media, editorial and academic staff. This is, however, distinct from the structure that supports course development in the institution. Indeed, a variety of ongoing changes within the university suggest that OpenLearn constitutes, amongst other possibilities, a site for experimentation and trialling of new ways of working that question established roles and responsibilities. The discussion revolves around a comparison of graphical schemes created to represent the production processes, which undergo periodic reviews. In suggesting that the project appears to be fostering a re-evaluation of professional jurisdiction boundaries, this paper investigates aspects of that venture that may also challenge the very nature and purposes of education	['SDG04']
82975845	Brazil: building national regulatory frameworks	Brazil has recently received many accolades for its 'managed revolution' and significant improvements in its education system. But for policy makers in Brazil one of the challenges is the establishment of a structured relationship between the imperatives of system-wide reform and the needs and perceptions of teachers working within the system. This chapter explores recent developments in Brazil - a large scale laboratory, around teacher quality and teacher development	['SDG04']
82975962	Arthropod abundance and diversity in a lowland tropical forest floor in Panama: the role of habitat space vs. nutrient concentrations	Tropical forest floor characteristics such as depth and nutrient concentrations are highly heterogeneous even over small spatial scales and it is unclear how these differences contribute to patchiness in forest floor arthropod abundance and diversity. In a lowland tropical forest in Panama we experimentally increased litter standing crop by removing litter from five plots (L-) and adding it to five other plots (L+); we had five control plots. After 32 mo of treatments we investigated how arthropod abundance and diversity were related to differences in forest floor physical (mass, depth, water content) and chemical properties (pH, nutrient concentrations). Forest floor mass and total arthropod abundance were greater in L+ plots compared with controls. There were no treatment differences in nutrient concentrations, pH or water content of the organic horizons. Over all plots, the mass of the fermentation horizon (Oe) was greater than the litter horizon (Oi); arthropod diversity and biomass were also greater in the Oe horizon but nutrient concentrations tended to be higher in the Oi horizon. Arthropod abundance was best explained by forest floor mass, while arthropod diversity was best explained by phosphorus, calcium and sodium concentrations in the Oi horizon and by phosphorus concentrations in the Oe horizon. Differences in arthropod community composition between treatments and horizons correlated with phosphorus concentration and dry mass of the forest floor. We conclude that at a local scale, arthropod abundance is related to forest floor mass ( habitat space), while arthropod diversity is related to forest floor nutrient concentrations (habitat quality)	['SDG15']
82910313	What constitutes transgressive sex? The case of child prostitution in Thailand	"About the book: Sex is often regarded as a dangerous business that must be rigorously controlled, regulated, and subjected to rules. Sexual acts that defy acceptable practices may be seen as variously defiling, immoral, and even unnatural. They may challenge and subvert both cultural preconceptions and the social order in a politics of sexual transgression that threatens to radically transform permissible boundaries and restructure bodily engagements. This collection of essays explores acts of sexual transgression that have the power to reconfigure perceptions of bodily intimacy and the social norms of interaction. Considering issues such as domestic violence, child prostitution, health and sex, teenage sex, and sex with animals across a range of settings from contemporary Oceania, the Pacific, South Africa, and southeast Asia to Euro-America, this book should interest all those who question the ""naturalness"" of sex, including public health workers, clinical practitioners and students of sex, sexuality, and gender in the humanities and social sciences"	['SDG05', 'SDG16']
82978080	Systems methodologies for sustainable natural resources research and development.	Systems methodologies are helping to reshape the way in which natural resource Research and Development (R&D) is conducted but they are under-utilised and under-researched. This paper outlines some recent trends in systems thinking, and argues the case for the use and further development of systems methodologies for research and development in sustainable natural resource management (NRM R&D). Systems, or complexity, research reveals the inadequacy of development projects which are based on blueprints and certainty derived from linear projections into the future. Two strands of NRM R&D are explored: farming systems research (FSR) and systems learning. Both have been extended from farming to rural livelihood and food systems. This improves their holistic claims but increases demands on them. FSR acknowledges that both natural and socio-economic science are necessary to NRM but has had limited success in synthesising them. The systems learning strand is increasingly apparent but is still under-researched despite successes. Research to further adapt and develop systems methodologies in NRM contexts is identified	['SDG02', 'SDG12']
82901564	Paracrine relationships between adipose and lymphoid tissues: implications for the mechanism of HIV-associated adipose redistribution syndrome	Paracrine interactions between lymphoid cells and adipocytes surrounding lymph nodes improve the efficiency of immune responses by emancipating activated lymphoid cells from competition with other tissues for blood-borne nutrients. HIV infection may disrupt this relationship, causing lipodystrophy.The adipocytes anatomically associated with lymph nodes and omental milky spots have site-specific properties that equip them to interact locally with lymphoid cells. Paracrine provisioning of peripheral immune responses improves their efficiency and emancipates activated lymphocytes from competition with other tissues for blood-borne nutrients.  Prolonged disruption to such paracrine interactions may contribute to the HIV-associated adipose redistribution syndrome, causing selective hypertrophy of the mesentery, omentum and other adipose depots that contain much activated lymphoid tissue	['SDG03']
586542112	Politics and applied linguistics	For the discipline of applied linguistics, political issues have always been a central concern, whether they are addressed implicitly or explicitly. If we take Brumfit’s definition of applied linguistics as the ‘investigation of real-world problems in which language is a central issue’ (1995: 27), it becomes inevitable that, assuming we believe that the ‘real world’ is intrinsically political, the discipline itself needs to address issues of power. In this chapter, I examine three main issues concerning the relationship between politics and language. The first focuses on politics about language - the way that (ideas about) language, particular languages, and language use become the site for political debate and struggle. The second is politics enacted through language - the ways that language use itself achieves or is subject to political effects. And the third examines the ways in which applied linguistics is relevant specifically to electoral politics - how insights from linguistics can be applied to the analysis, or even the practice, of political engagement, especially in the context of electoral or party politics	['SDG16']
586542132	A Hybrid Piezoelectric and Reverse Electrowetting Energy Harvester for Wearable Biosensors	Wearable biosensors play a critical role for healthcare monitoring. However, reliance of biosensors on batteries has serious drawbacks. Although the human body energy can be converted into electricity with energy harvesters. Hybridization of multiple energy harvesters is a prominent trend to increase the power output. In this work a hybrid piezoelectric and reverse electrowetting (REWOD) energy harvester is proposed. The main principle of working is based on the presence of electrical double layer in REWOD component and the coupling with a piezoelectric nanogenerator via an electret. The proposed energy harvester design was tested numerically and in a series of experiments	['SDG03', 'SDG07', 'SDG09']
188345840	Learning analytics at the intersections of student trust, disclosure and benefit	Evidence suggests that individuals are often willing to exchange personal data for (real or perceived) benefits. Such an exchange may be impacted by their trust in a particular context and their (real or perceived) control over their data.Students remain concerned about the scope and detail of surveillance of their learning behavior, their privacy, their control over what data are collected, the purpose of the collection, and the implications of any analysis. Questions arise as to the extent to which students are aware of the benefits and risks inherent in the exchange of their data, and whether they are willing to exchange personal data for more effective and supported learning experiences.This study reports on the views of entry level students at the Open University (OU) in 2018. The primary aim is to explore differences between stated attitudes to privacy and their online behaviors, and whether these same attitudes extend to their university's uses of their (personal) data. The analysis indicates, inter alia, that there is no obvious relationship between how often students are online or their awareness of/concerns about privacy issues in online contexts and what they actually do to protect themselves. Significantly though, the findings indicate that students overwhelmingly have an inherent trust in their university to use their data appropriately and ethically.Based on the findings, we outline a number of issues for consideration by higher education institutions, such as the need for transparency (of purpose and scope), the provision of some element of student control, and an acknowledgment of the exchange value of information in the nexus of the privacy calculus.</p	['SDG04', 'SDG16']
195353948	Digital literacy and open educational practice: DigiLit Leicester	DigiLit Leicester was an award-winning project that ran as collaboration between Leicester City Council’s Building Schools for the Future (BSF) Programme, De Montfort University and 23 of the city’s secondary mainstream and SEN schools from 2012-2016. The project focused on supporting secondary school  teaching and teaching support staff in developing their digital literacy knowledge, skills and practice, and their effective use of digital tools, environments and approaches in their work with learners. This chapter introduces the project, highlighting the new and innovative approach taken, and discussing lessons learned. Additionally, the project commitment to open educational practice is discussed with regard to design, delivery and evaluation. This commitment was explicitly taken to enhance accessibility and sustainability in terms of the project community, and to support broader public value	['SDG04', 'SDG10']
155776638	Family relationships and troubled masculinities: the experience of young men in contact with care and welfare services	This chapter draws on the findings of a study exploring gender ­identities and practices in work with young men using social care services to present an account of young men's family relationships that resists the reductive generalisations that, we would argue, characterise much current debate. It discusses the broader implications for an understanding of the lives of vulnerable boys and young men. Moreover, for some young men, the continuity of family ties, and in some cases starting new families of their own, formed an important part of how they envisaged their futures. Troubled or disrupted family relationships have often been a key factor in the problems that young men have faced growing up. The relationships that vulnerable or 'at risk' young men have with their fathers are often deeply ambivalent, while in many cases mothers and grandmothers play a vital stabilising role in young men's lives	['SDG10', 'SDG16']
82901895	From one-off events to learning systems and communities of practice	This paper considers some of the challenges and skills involved in designing and facilitating events such as workshops, meetings and conferences as part of learning systems and Communities of Practice.  It focuses mainly on processes of learning that involve interaction rather than on solitary activity, although acknowledges the relationships between individual and group levels.  Three exampls from the author's experience are presented, two from the contexts of environmental decision-making and rural change in the UK and one from direct involvement in an event that focused on Communities of Practice (CoPs) at international level.  Three inter-related areas of challenge for learning system design emerged from this enquiry and are discussed.  These areas are distribution with respect to cognition and communities; the need to take account of different systems of interest, timeframes and purposes; and the need for continuity in dialogue to support the learning of both individuals and groups	['SDG04']
82902015	Deleterious effects of a cafeteria diet on the livers of non-obese rats	Rats were fed from weaning on three diets. Those fed a cafeteria diet had livers that were enlarged and abnormal by visual inspection. The rats themselves appeared healthy, had a normal growth rate and were not significantly different in weight from control animals. Histological examination revealed the livers of these rats to be rich in lipids and glycogen. Liver function tests showed a depressed level of alanine transaminase and an abnormal HDL: LDL. Dietary lipids generate free radicals which can interact with, and damage, DNA. However, when DNA was extracted from the livers and examined for the presence of the adduct M1-dG, there were no significant differences in adduct levels in livers from animals fed any of the diets. We conclude that the cafeteria diet can have long term adverse effects on liver function even though overt measures of health may be unimpaired, body mass maintained within normal limits, and liver DNA not adversely affected	['SDG03']
82901826	Indigenous diasporas and dislocations	Indigenous religions are now present not only in their places of origin but globally. They are significant parts of the pluralism and diversity of the contemporary world, especially when their performance enriches and/or challenges host populations. Indigenous Diasporas and Dislocations engages with examples of communities with different experiences, expectations and evaluations of diaspora life. It contributes significantly to debates about indigenous cultures and religions, and to understandings of identity and alterity in late or post-modernity. This book promises to enrich understanding of indigenity, and of the globalized world in which indigenous people play diverse roles	['SDG16', 'SDG10']
478919690	Reaching the public through iSpot: your place to share nature (Case Study 8.5)	This case study introduces iSpot and highlights examples and initiatives implemented to engage anyone interested in nature. It outlines what iSpot does and how it works; achievements, impact and public responses so far. The book 'Science Communication: a practical guide for scientists' presents the history of science communication alongside ideas, inspiration, and practical advice for designing and delivering effective science communication activities and events	['SDG14', 'SDG17']
478547528	Participatory Sensing: Recruiting Bipedal Platforms or Building Issue-centred Projects?	This paper raises questions about the way in which participation and recruitment are framed within participatory sensing. The text outlines a number of assumptions of participatory sensing and using a case study, examines the impacts of these assumptions on the practices of participatory sensing. The case study involves a mobile phone app that monitors ambient sound levels and creates noise maps. The study describes the conceptual and practical challenges of recruiting people and the need for an issue-centred campaign that encases the app inside a wider framework of local environmental issues. Based on observations from the case study, the paper proposes a pragmatic approach to sensing that focuses on designing sensing assemblages that support local issues of public concern. The paper argues that an issue-centred approach enables sensing that allows both machines and humans to participate in an equitable way that maximises their unique sensing abilities	['SDG11', 'SDG13']
492010998	Challenging Choices in Pregnancy and Childbirth: Results from a Meta-Ethnographic Review of the Literature	Informed choice is the cornerstone of contemporary maternity care within the UK and contributes to safe physical and psychological maternity care. Some women decline all or part of their maternity care and make choices and decisions considered ‘non-normative’. The results of this review demonstrate a gap in existing knowledge which supports the need for future research. A wider approach is needed to understanding how, why and what the underlying social and other processes underpinning there are	['SDG03']
467106823	Making sense of online discussions: can automated reports help?	Enabling healthier online deliberation around issues of public concerns is an increasingly vital challenge in nowadays society. Two fundamental components of a healthier deliberation are: i. the capability of people to make sense of what they read, so that their contribution can be relevant; and ii. the improvement of the overall quality of the debate, so that noise can be reduced and useful signals can inform collective decision making. Platform designers often resort to computational aids to improve these two processes. In this paper, we examine automated reporting as promising mean of improving sensemaking in discussion platforms. We compared three approaches to automated reporting: an abstractive summariser, a template report and an argumentation highlighting system. We then evaluated improvements in sensemaking of participants and the perception on overall quality of the debate. The study suggests that argument mining technologies are particularly promising computational aids to improve sense making and perceived quality of online discussion, thanks to their capability to combine computational models for automated reasoning with users’ cognitive needs and expectation of automated reporting	['SDG16']
82904095	Combining reflective logs with electronic networks for professional development among distance education tutors	The provision of a professional development programme for distance tutors can be problematic because of the need for flexibility to cater for a variety of working practices, or to overcome the hurdles imposed by geographical remoteness. At the UK Open University, online networks are widely in use for teaching and learning, and we are actively exploring their potential for professional development. This paper describes the Supporting Open Learners in A Changing Environment project, which has piloted a reflective approach to professional development using a log to structure reflection, which is then shared with others in a computer conference. Our evaluation of tutors' perspectives of the project indicated that all participants found the experience stimulating and helpful for identifying and sharing issues of student support, although some found the process unexpectedly time consuming. We believe there is considerable potential for such an approach to networked reflection among distance tutors, provided the issue of tutor time can be addressed	['SDG04']
369424230	Gender Lens Investing in the African Context	African women face serious constraints in obtaining credit, cultivating business networks, when dealing with cultural norms that favor men, and with gender-neutral policies. This has led to calls for breaking stereotypes of women as survivalist entrepreneurs through Gender Lens Investing (GLI) initiatives. This chapter investigates the practice of GLI by analyzing how Fund managers draw on the gender lens narrative to break down gender stereotypes through the provision of microcredit, to develop women entrepreneurs’ agency, and attract investments. Through the analysis of the gender lens narrative of Impact Investing Funds in Africa and two in-depth case studies of microfinance organizations in Ghana and Cameroon, this chapter reveals explicit and implicit GLI strategies for investing in women-owned businesses in resource-scarce contexts and adds to the sustainable finance research by analyzing the application of GLI in Africa. The cases highlight important policy and practice implications facing gender lens investors seeking to address the persistent gender inequalities in access to entrepreneurial finance	['SDG05', 'SDG08', 'SDG09', 'SDG10']
82900947	The future of inter-organisational system linkages: findings of an International Delphi Study	To perform effectively in markets that are becoming increasingly turbulent and volatile, organisations should form information system linkages with their business partners. This study seeks to produce a 'vision' for the future of such linkages. A number of recent developments in information systems and technology (IS/IT) appear to promise the ability to make improvements in this domain. These are electronic hubs, web services, widespread adoption of common enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems and enterprise portals. This study, which is carried out by means of the Delphi technique, explores the expected future role and use of these information systems. The expert participants in the study believe that the focus of enterprise systems is shifting from an internal to an external orientation. They suggest that ERP systems may be reaching a structural limit concerning their capabilities and adjunct technologies will be required to integrate multiple inter-organisational operations. The participants expect that the three other systems and technologies considered can provide those necessary adjunct technologies, either used singly, or more likely in combination. Finally, we find that the transition to a greater external orientation is expected to include an extension in the types of organisations that will be integrated electronically into networks	['SDG17', 'SDG09']
568120165	Thriving in Part-Time Doctoral Study: Integrating Work, Life and Research	Thriving in Part-Time Doctoral Study is a practical guide, designed to support part-time doctoral researchers in navigating their learning experience and providing them with the tools they need to succeed in academia, alongside the work and life challenges they may be facing. Featuring eight highly practical chapters, this book covers every aspect of the part-time doctoral journey from initial planning right through to completion.Easy to dip in and out of with realistic advice, learning points and reflective activities based on real experiences, this book:● Reflects a diversity of voices across academic disciplines● Features real-world examples from doctoral researchers● Can be referred to throughout the doctoral journeyThis key resource will support the reader in considering how best to access and draw on the communities of support available, get the most from a supervisory team, and build professional networks. It recognises that each student’s learning pathway is different and offers support to allow each individual to take control and make it their part-time doctorate	['SDG04']
82900808	Punishing parents for the crimes of their children	In recent years there has been a profusion of laws that punish parents for their children's offences. These parental responsibility laws are based on the assumption that parents of children who offend have not accepted their responsibility and that they can be made to do so by the imposition of court orders and financial penalties. In this article I will examine the efficacy of punishing parents for the crimes of their children. I will consider whether parental responsibility laws are an effective means of tackling youth crime; or should policies that strengthen the family and improve parenting skills be pursued as strategies for preventing juvenile offending behaviour	['SDG16']
82900879	Local knowledge and the strategy of constructing advantage: the role of community alliances	Economic growth is local. Communities drive the prosperity of nations. They attract and retain foreign direct investment and creative, talented, people. Institutions are key, from government labs, firms (small and large), universities, agencies providing community services – including safe schools, health services, athletic facilities such as running and biking tracks – and so on. This paper takes these observations, moves conceptually beyond Ricardian ''comparative advantage'' and neo-Porterian ''competitive advantage'' and – using new information from a number of cities – develops the notion of ''constructed advantage''	['SDG17', 'SDG08', 'SDG11']
131316757	Financial repression and liability of foreignness in developing countries	Using non-parametric Data Envelopment Analysis, this paper suggests that the era of financial repression in developing countries, by providing policy-induced competitive advantages to domestic banks, may create liability of foreignness for foreign banks that impeded their resource utilization. Implementation of financial liberalization programme, which endeavours to create a more market-oriented financial sector, may enable foreign banks to overcome the liability of foreignness and enhance their resource utilization	['SDG09', 'SDG10']
523283202	Piezoelectric biosensors for biorecognition analysis: Application to the kinetic study of HIV-1 Vif protein binding to recombinant antibodies	In this work three piezoelectric sensors modified with anti-HIV-1 Vif (virion infectivity factor) single fragment antibodies (4BL scFV), single domains (VH) and camelized single domains (VHD) were constructed and used to detect HIV1 Vif in liquid samples. Dithio-bis-succinimidyl-undecanoate (DSU) and 11-hydroxy-1-undecanethiol (HUT) mixed self assembled monolayers (SAM) were generated at the sensors surface onto which the antibodies were immobilized. All sensors detected specifically the target HIV1-Vif antigen in solution and no unspecific binding was monitored. Impedance analysis was performed to quantify electroacoustic and viscoelastic interferences during antibody immobilization and antigen recognition. The elimination of such interferences enabled the quantitative use of the piezoelectric immunosensors to estimate the antibody surface density as well as antigen binding and equilibrium constants. In spite of the possible limitation regarding mass transport and other related molecular phenomena, which were not considered in the binding model used, this work demonstrates the usefulness of piezoelectric biosensors in biorecognition analysis and evidences the advantages on using simultaneous impedance analysis to bring analytical significance to measured data, and thus to improve piezoelectric sensors sensitivity and applicability	['SDG03', 'SDG09']
143477096	Embedding Information and Communication Technologies into the 21st Century Curriculum	"Embedding information and communication technologies (ICT) within learning and teaching programmes offers the potential to enrich learning by promoting networking and the collaborative construction of knowledge. This is especially important for professionals working within disciplines such as Architecture in which ICT is used within the design process. This article aims to outline some advantages and limitations experienced when developing an online ""CPD Learning Zone"" for Architects through an accredited staff development programme. Issues are discussed from the point of view of both a staff developer and a member of teaching staff. It will be of interest to staff developers as well as teaching staff proposing to develop similar online courses"	['SDG04']
82971927	R&D, patents and stock return volatility	Recent finance literature highlights the role of technological change in increasing firm specific (idiosyncratic) and aggregate stock return volatility, yet innovation data is not used in these analyses, leaving the direct relationship between innovation and stock return volatility untested. The paper investigates the relationship between volatility and innovation using firm level patent data. The analysis builds on the empirical work by Mazzucato (2002; 2003) where it is found that stock return volatility is highest during periods in the industry life-cycle when innovation is the most ‘radical’. In this paper we ask whether firms which invest more in innovation (more R&D and more patents) and/or which have more important innovations (patents with more citations) experience more volatility in their returns.  Given that returns should in theory be higher, on average, for higher risk stocks, we also look at the effect of innovation on the level of returns. To take into account the competition between firms within industries, firm returns and volatility are measured relative to the industry average. We focus the analysis on firms in the pharmaceutical industry between 1974 and 1999. Results suggest that there is a positive and significant relationship between volatility, R&D intensity and the various patent related measures—especially when the innovation measures are filtered to distinguish the very innovative firms from the less innovate ones	['SDG08', 'SDG09']
82923210	Three-dimensional synaptic ultrastructure in the dentate gyrus and hippocampal area CA3 in the Ts65Dn mouse model of down syndrome	Down syndrome (DS) results from trisomy of human chromosome 21. Ts65Dn mice are an established model for DS and show several phenotypes similar to those in people with DS. However, there is little data on the structural plasticity of synapses in the trisynaptic pathway in the hippocampus. Here we investigate three-dimensional (3D) ultrastructure of synapses in the hippocampus of age-matched control (2N) and Ts65Dn male mice. Serial ultrathin sections and 3D reconstructions characterize synapses in the middle molecular layer (MML) of dentate gyrus and in thorny excrescences (TEs) in proximal portions of apical dendrites of CA3 pyramidal neurons. 3D analysis of synapses shows phenotypes that distinguish Ts65Dn from 2N mice. For the MML, synapse density was reduced by 15% in Ts65Dn vs. 2N mice (P < 0.05). Comparative 3D analyses demonstrate a significant decrease in the number of thorns per TE in CA3 in Ts65Dn vs. 2N mice (by ∼45%, P = 0.01). Individual thorn volume was 3 times smaller in Ts65Dn vs. 2N mice (P = 0.02). A significant decrease in the number of thorn projections per TE in Ts65Dn vs. 2N mice was accompanied by a decrease of filopodium-like protrusions on the surface of TEs (P = 0.02). However, the volume of postsynaptic densities in CA3 Ts65Dn and 2N mice was unchanged (P = 0.78). Our findings suggest that the high degree of plasticity of CA3 thorns may be connected with their filopodial origin. Alterations of 3D synaptic structure in Ts65Dn mice may further contribute to the diminished plasticity in DS	['SDG03']
82976624	Deti ako autori vlastnych kniziek na ipadoch: Hl'Adanie strednej cesty(Children as authors of their own iPad books: searching for a balance	V tomto článku opisujeme potenciál iPad aplikácikií ako spojit’ dve často diametrálne rozličné zámery akademického a pedagogického sveta ohl’adne technológií v predprimárnom vzdelávaní. V článku sa zameriavame na konkrétnu iPad aplikáciu Our Story, ako novú platformu a formu vlastno-ručne vyrobených knižiek. Príbehy vytvorenés Our Story sú zákonite multimodálne, otvorené a móžu byt’ tvorené a zdiel’ané v nových časových a priestorových dimenziách. Takéto príbehy tak znázorňujú úzke spojenie medzi formou a obsahom a rôznorodost’ možných ciest k písaniu a čitaniu. V závere vyzdvihujeme potrebu vyrovnaného pristupu ku detským príbehom vytvoreným s Our Story ako i k používaniu nových technológií.In this article we describe the potential of iPad apps to bring together two disparate academic and pedagogic agendas in relation to the use of new technologies in early childhood education. We discuss the affordances of a particular iPad app -Our Story-to offer a new platform for self-made stories and a new form of children's authorship. Stories made by children with Our Story are by default multimodal and open-ended and are ready to be created and shared across time and space boundaries. As such, the stories epitomise the intimate relationship between content and form and the multitude of possible ways into literacy. We conclude by highlighting the need for fostering a balanced approach when it comes to children's use of Our Story and new technologies more generally	['SDG04', 'SDG09']
598036564	Towards a systems-based framework for understanding the diffusion of technology: A case study of a modest technological innovation in the multi-agency context of policing	Technological innovation in policing is being given greater emphasis.  In public discourse about technology and policing, there is often a focus on large-scale projects that are known to fail, sometimes at significant cost.  The implementation of smaller innovations are often overlooked.  This thesis examines practice of innovation and adoption in the context of multi-agency working. The literature review in this thesis reveals that little is known about contexts where decision making does not rest with the police and exposes potential limitations in the use of diffusion and adoption frameworks/models.  The research question is: In the context of multi-agency diffusion and adoption of a technology to enhance policing, can systems thinking techniques enhance, or even replace, existing frameworks and models?This empirical research study looks at the adoption of a relatively simple technology that scans identification documents.  However, the decision to adopt and implement an ID scanner takes place within a complex setting.  Tracking an adoption decision requires understanding of the various actors and their roles.  The research includes 48 semi-structured interviews with police officers, premises owners and managers and other stakeholders involved in the decision to adopt an ID scanner.  Their perceptions of the history leading to an adoption decision, their own role and that of other key actors is examined.  Initial analysis takes place using spray diagrams and further analysis is made through the lenses of existing diffusion and adoption frameworks/models.  Subsequently systems thinking techniques are deployed and the additional insights they provide are highlighted.  This research finds that systems thinking can extend understanding of multi-agency diffusion and adoption decisions when compared with solely utilising existing frameworks/models.  Finally, the research proposes a systems-based framework for collaborative diffusion and adoption analysis	['SDG16', 'SDG09']
598036630	Selective Detection of Toxic C1 Chemicals Using a Hydroxylamine-Based Chemiresistive Sensor Array	Formaldehyde (FA) is a deleterious C1 pollutant commonly found in the interiors of modern buildings. C1 chemicals are generally more toxic than the corresponding C2 chemicals, but the selective discrimination of C1 and C2 chemicals using simple sensory systems is usually challenging. Here, we report the selective detection of FA vapor using a chemiresistive sensor array composed of modified hydroxylamine salts (MHAs, ArCH2ONH2·HCl) and single-walled carbon nanotubes (SWCNT). By screening 32 types of MHAs, we have identified an ideal sensor array that exhibits a characteristic response pattern for FA. Thus, trace FA (0.02–0.05 ppm in air) can be clearly discriminated from the corresponding C2 chemical, acetaldehyde (AA). This system has been extended to discriminate methanol (C1) from ethanol (C2) in combination with the catalytic conversion of these alcohols to their corresponding aldehydes. Our system offers portable and reliable chemical sensors that discriminate the subtle differences between C1 and C2 chemicals, enabling advanced environmental monitoring and healthcare applications	['SDG11', 'SDG03', 'SDG12']
82976940	Exploring children's responses to interpersonal conflict using bubble dialogue in a mainstream and EBD school	This paper discusses an investigation of the use of a computer application, Bubble Dialogue, to construct a narrative which reflects the child's view of the world. In particular it reports on a comparative study of how a group of children with emotional and behavioural difficulties and children who  attend a mainstream school use Bubble Dialogue to express themselves and the strategies used by the  children to resolve interpersonal conflicts. The results show that both groups of children were able to  make good use of the thought/speech distinction which is a special feature of Bubble Dialogue, and  both groups made disclosures, but there were differences in the type of disclosures made. Analysis of conflict resolution strategies revealed that both groups could used a range of strategies but the pattern  of preference differed between the groups. In particular the children with emotional and behavioural difficulties issued more orders and resorted to physical aggression. It is suggested that Bubble Dialogue may therefore be a good tool for practitioners to use to reveal children's perspectives and also for the children themselves to rehearse more appropriate and effective conflict resolution strategie	['SDG04']
599347099	Return Migration and Entrepreneurship: The Role of Highly Skilled Women in Nigeria's Technology Services Sector	This study explores the multifaceted roles and impacts of highly skilled female return migrant entrepreneurs within Nigeria's technology services sector. Leveraging my novel conceptual framework, the Returnee Entrepreneurship Intersectionality Model (REIM) – an integrated construct drawn from Human Capital Theory, Opportunity Entrepreneurship Theory, and Intersectionality Theory - the research uncovers how these entrepreneurs navigate the sector and shape the economic and sociocultural landscapes of their home country. I structured this study around four key objectives: to profile these women entrepreneurs, to unpack their motivations for initiating technology-based enterprises, to understand the influence of home conditions on their entrepreneurial activities, and to evaluate the broader implications of their ventures within Nigeria's technology sector (Ramachandran et al., 2019). Qualitative research methods, including digital ethnography, semi-structured interviews, and online data analysis, were employed to gather rich, nuanced data. Findings revealed these return migrants possessed diverse educational backgrounds and professional experiences, accrued both pre-migration and during their time abroad. Many of them leveraged these assets to launch businesses in response to identified market gaps or the desire to give back to their home country, thus displaying both opportunity-driven and a form of necessity-driven entrepreneurship. The study further revealed how their entrepreneurial activities were shaped by the socioeconomic and policy environment at home. Despite the occasional hurdles arising from entrenched gender norms, these women often turned challenges into opportunities, demonstrating resilience and creativity. Their impact on the Nigerian tech sector was multifaceted, introducing innovative products and services, creating jobs, and challenging traditional gender norms. However, measuring their broader impact on the economic performance and sociocultural dynamics of the tech sector proved complex due to factors such as the nascent nature of their presence, the size and scope of their enterprises, and the challenging operating environment. Despite some limitations, including the influence of the COVID-19 pandemic during data collection and constraints in generalizability, the study provides valuable insights into the experiences and impacts of highly skilled female return migrant entrepreneurs in Nigeria's technology services sector. It makes a unique contribution to the discourse on gender, return migrant entrepreneurship, and the tech sector, illuminating a rarely studied intersection of these themes, and in so doing, it generates several thought-provoking avenues for future research	['SDG05', 'SDG08', 'SDG09', 'SDG10']
82911285	Understanding how water resources shape our flora	Water is one of the most important resources for plants. It controls and influences their diversity and distribution. Water availability in soil influences plants directly as a limiting resource, or indirectly by filling soil pore spaces and reducing oxygen supply, which limits plant root growth. Water regimes dictate different vegetation types and ecosystems. Global examples are the major world biomes, such as tropical rainforest, deserts or tundra. At this level, precipitation differences as a result of latitude and incoming solar radiation define which species prevail. At a regional level, plant communities are determined by precipitation differences associated with topographic features such as elevation	['SDG15']
131316441	Anti-racist criminology?	In two of the dominant Western democracies, the USA and the UK, 2016 was heavily marked by racial politics. Few people would deny that race was a dominant feature of the 2016 US presidential election. A white challenger to a black incumbent was itself unprecedented, but the background was provided by the black Lives Matter campaign protesting at the fatal neglect of black communities in the US and the lethal violence of their policing. Donald Trump emerged triumphant on the back of what some commentators referred to as a ‘whitelash’. This chapter challenges criminology’s response to these circunstances and traces the way racism operates within the discipline. It argues for a renewal of anti-racism in criminological scholarship, and for new critical tools to be developed that can undo the work of race	['SDG16', 'SDG10']
82912434	Speaking our Minds: An Anthology of Personal Experiences of Mental Distress and its Consequences	This is an exciting new collection of writings by people who have experienced mental distress. It includes accounts of psychiatric treatment, psychotherapy and alternative treatments; life in mental institutions and moves into the community; self-help methods and work to improve mental health services. Moving, sometimes funny and often dramatic, the pieces are written by some of the key activists in the mental health survivors' movement, as well as by people best known as writers and poets and others who, for a period of time, have been caught up with mental distress and have something original to say	['SDG03']
211273849	Complex Knowing: Promoting Response-Ability Within Music and Science Teacher Education	There are significant pressures within UK Initial Teacher Education (ITE) to maintain and reproduce notions of knowledge as fixed, universal and therefore ‘bankable’ through transfer or transmission. Such views, as embedded in educational structures, separate teachers from learners and learners from contexts. An interesting subset of this trend is the case of music and science education, both of which share in a tradition of materialist practice, where knowledge-making derives from the use of ‘instruments’. A representational view of knowledge in these subjects has historically privileged tradition, canon, and reification in music, while emphasising facts and theories as separate from values in science. While these representational views of knowledge have been contested by feminist theory, materialism, and complexity theory, there remain significant challenges in developing music and science student teachers who are response-able to a view of knowing as active, dynamic, emergent and entangled. This chapter explores the use of sensory learning tools and activities with two groups of music and science student teachers. Thinking with Donna Haraway (Staying with the trouble: Making kin in the chthulucene. Duke University Press, New York, 2016), we engage with the ‘trouble’ that such tools and activities create, both in terms of the students’ learning, the lecturers’ positioning and the socio-political contexts of such trouble within ITE	['SDG04']
211273896	Child protection is everyone's business: safeguarding and child protection	The number and variety of international schools around the world is increasing at a remarkable rate. As it does so, the role of the teaching assistant in their classrooms is also undergoing change and expansion.TAs are increasingly recognised as a valuable resource. Where once the focus was on support tasks such as photocopying, tidying up and cleaning paint pots, increasingly the potential of TAs to support learning is being recognised and the role has developed into a diverse teaching and support position.Effective TAs impact on classroom engagement, classroom control, pastoral care, peer relationships, teachers stress levels, individual attention, positive approach to learning, and, ultimately, academic achievement.The reflections of the contributors in this book come from varying perspectives. All understand the realities of the TA role yet retain a spark of imagination and creativity about what might be possible. Case studies are included from TAs in a variety of schools, many affiliated to the Council of British International Schools	['SDG04']
82912460	Developmental Psychology in Action	Developmental Psychology in Action looks at how psychologists contribute to the development and well-being of children in practical ways. The role of psychologists and psychological theory is considered with respect to specific topics which focus on child development in the context of social, educational and clinical issues. The chapters are authored by active researchers and practitioners in each field. Each chapter provides an introduction to the topic under discussion and aims to stimulate reflection and evaluation	['SDG04', 'SDG03']
82977031	Estimating daytime ecosystem respiration from eddy-flux data	To understand what governs the patterns of net ecosystem exchange of CO2, an understanding of factors influencing the component fluxes, ecosystem respiration and gross primary production is needed. In the present paper, we introduce an alternative method for estimating daytime ecosystem respiration based on whole ecosystem fluxes from a linear regression of photosynthetic photon flux density data vs. daytime net ecosystem exchange data at forest ecosystem level. This method is based on the principles of the Kok-method applied at leaf level for estimating daytime respiration. We demonstrate the method with field data and provide a discussion of the limitations of the method	['SDG13', 'SDG15']
82912440	Communication, relationships and care: A Reader	Communication and relationships have become an increasing focus of attention in debates about the future of health and social care. People working in care services are being encouraged to improve communication processes, to develop more participatory relationships with service users, and to work more closely in partnership with other professionals. This Reader provides a comprehensive collection of literature that aims to enable those involved in care services, as workers, carers or service users, to reflect on their everyday interactions and to situate them in wider contexts. Including new material from the frontline of research and practice, as well as some classic readings, this wide-ranging volume emphasises the need to see interpersonal communication as embedded in relationships, and to take account of issues of power and diversity, as well as the emotional dimension of care work. Covering both health and social care, the Reader is divided into four sections, focusing on:* concepts and contexts* analysing aspects of communication* the person in the process* communication and relationships in organisations	['SDG03', 'SDG10']
327071032	Simulating the phase II metabolism of raloxifene on a screen-printed electrode	Raloxifene (RLX) is a selective estrogen receptor modulator widely used for the treatment of osteoporosis in post-menopause women. Toxicological in vitro studies suggested the reactivity of RLX through phase I metabolism. Herein, we describe a simple and inexpensive method for monitoring the reactive metabolism and detoxification of RLX by electrochemistry (EC) and mass spectrometry (MS). The phase I metabolite was synthesized electrochemically on a screen-printed electrode (SPE) and subsequently reacted with glutathione (GSH). The resulted GSH-adducts and GSH disulfides were characterized off-line by electrospray ionization (ESI)-MS	['SDG03']
82977473	‘I’m pregnant … what am I going to do?’ An examination of value judgements and moral frameworks in teenage pregnancy decision making	Policy discussion of teenage sexual behaviour has been strongly influenced by a political agenda that characterises teenage pregnancy as a potential ‘risk’ of sexual activity. This presumed risk framework, however, depends upon an assumption of shared value judgements about the social undesirability of teenage parenthood, and the moral undesirability of teenage abortion. Drawing on three qualitative research projects undertaken in England between 2003 and 2009, this article looks at the complex processes of individual pregnancy decision making, in a context of competing values and moralities. It provides insights into, and understandings of, underlying tensions in the processes through which different degrees of personal autonomy may be experienced, and suggests that when autonomous decision making is compromised, often due to tensions in competing value systems, young women may experience ambivalence or regret about the decision they have made	['SDG03', 'SDG05']
599347086	A Case Study of the experiences of ethnic diversity in leadership in an Outdoor Education Centre	This small-scale exploratory case study in an Outdoor Centre investigates the experiences of people of colour in leadership in outdoor education. Eliciting voices with a qualitative methodology using one-to-one interviews and focus group discussion the study develops two research questions. These discover issues related to people of colour in leadership and how best opportunities to leadership are developed. Using inductive thematic analysis patterns emerged as thematic maps with six important themes; lack of diversity, self-limiting behaviours, access to environment, good role models, access to workplace and awareness. The conclusion creates understandings that shared responsibility is needed for future actions	['SDG10', 'SDG04']
82911378	Towards continuous 4D microgravity monitoring of volcanoes	Four-dimensional or time-lapse microgravity monitoring has been used effectively on volcanoes for decades to characterize the changes in subsurface volcanic systems. With measurements typically lasting from a few days to weeks and then repeated a year later, the spatial resolution of theses studies is often at the expense of temporal resolution and vice versa. Continuous gravity studies with one to two instruments operating for a short period of time (weeks to months) have shown enticing evidence of very rapid changes in the volcanic plumbing system (minutes to hours) and in one case precursory signals leading to eruptive activity were detected. The need for true multi-instrument networks is clear if we are to have both the temporal and spatial reso-lution needed for effective volcano monitoring. However, the high cost of these instruments is currently limiting the implementation of continuous microgravity networks. An interim approach to consider is the development of a collaborative network of researchers able to bring multiple instruments together at key volcanoes to investigate multitemporal physical changes in a few type volcanoes. However, to truly move forward, it is imperative that new low-cost instruments are developed to increase the number of instruments available at a single site. Only in this way can both the temporal and spatial integrity of monitoring be maintained. Integration of these instruments into a multiparameter network of continuously recording sensors is essential for effective volcano monitoring and hazard mitigation	['SDG11']
599347146	Examining the Challenges Faced by International Women with Preschool Children Studying for a Postgraduate Built Environment Degree in the UK	This article examines the academic experiences of five mid-career female international students who were parents of preschool children. These women were studying on a 1-year Built Environment master’s degree in the United Kingdom. We applied Tinto’s “sense of belonging” as a theoretical framework to interview women who were studying full time while caring for a preschool-age child or children. Results revealed stresses arising from balancing the academic demands of a 1-year full-time degree with childcare, compounded by a lack of appropriate support from the university. Although universities in general were viewed as offering a welcoming environment, this group of students often felt disappointed with their experience overall. Strategies for addressing identified barriers are proposed that contribute to widening existing university policies to address the specific needs of full-time international student parents	['SDG04', 'SDG05']
82976821	Attitudes to ICTs and approaches to studying in higher education	This article reviews the literature on the relationship between students’ attitudes to ICTs and the approaches to studying that they adopt on their programmes of study in higher education. There is a consistent finding that students who have more positive attitudes to ICTs are more likely to adopt desirable approaches to studying. This is true of younger and older students, and it is true both in face-to-face education and in distance education. The implication is that in both kinds of setting and whatever their age today’s students regard the use of ICTs as an integral part of their experience of higher education	['SDG04']
524782089	Online Science Education at Scale: Open and Distance Learning, MOOCS, and Other Learning Assets for Theory and Practice	In this chapter we examine what is meant by online distance learning. We consider briefly the history and refinement of the early correspondence course model, and outline the modern principles of learning design that ensure an enjoyable deep learning experience for students. We also consider the breadth of the distance learning audience and look at some of the barriers to learning that they may experience. The well-intentioned aspirations of truly open education, accessible to all, currently remain unfulfilled, but a good deal of progress has been made in that area. A range of learning offerings exist, from 30 and 60 CAT point long courses   (up to 1/2 of a year of full time study) through to short learning assets that can be studied in a few hours. We note the situations in which MOOCs (Massive Open Online Courses), SPOCs (Small Private Online Courses), BOCs (Badged Open Courses) and practical assets can supplement or replace traditional face-to-face teaching methods. We use a case study to illustrate the mechanics of producing a successful MOOC. We also describe the issues around teaching practical science online, and offer some examples of how this approach can not only be pedagogically successful but can also deliver a learning experience that students enjoy. In particular we point out the need for attention to detail during production, good quality assurance processes to ensure maximum accessibility, and the value of ongoing engagement with, and support of learners. These features enable the production and delivery of effective, deep and enjoyable learning	['SDG04']
82977058	An overview of learning analytics	Learning analytics, the analysis and representation of data about learners in order to improve learning, is a new lens through which teachers can understand education. It is rooted in the dramatic increase in the quantity of data about learners and linked to management approaches that focus on quantitative metrics, which are sometimes antithetical to an educational sense of teaching. However, learning analytics offers new routes for teachers to understand their students and, hence, to make effective use of their limited resources. This paper explores these issues and describes a series of examples of learning analytics to illustrate the potential. It argues that teachers can and should engage with learning analytics as a way of influencing the metrics agenda towards richer conceptions of learning and to improve their teaching	['SDG04']
82977441	Combined use of SEVIRI and MODIS for detecting, measuring, and monitoring active lava flows at erupting volcanoes	Multispectral data acquired by Spinning Enhanced Visible and InfraRed Imager (SEVIRI) onboard the geostationary platform Meteosat Second Generation (MSG2), located at 0◦ longitude, were analyzed to assess the payload suitability for quantitative volcano monitoring. In times of good infrared transparency of the troposphere, SEVIRI data proved particularly suited to detect the onset of effusive eruptions and tomonitor the related lava flows with 15-min refresh rates. After development of a code allowing for fast automated processing of the 96 data streams downlinked daily by MSG2, thorough monitoring tests were carried out on the 2007 eruptions of Stromboli (Aeolian Islands, Italy) and Piton de la Fournaise (Reunion Island, France). The results in radiant flux and effusion rate provided by use of thermal, mid-, and short infrared bands of SEVIRI were validated by exploiting simultaneous MODIS overpasses by Terra and Aqua, up to four times daily	['SDG13']
578729203	Sterculia MALVACEAE	A diagnostic description of the genus is given with special emphasis on the occurrence of succulence amongst its species. The geographical distribution is outlined, together with a selection of important literature, and an explanation of the etymology of the name. This is followed by a short summary of its position in the phylogeny of the family and of the past and present classification in a phylogenetic context. The succulent features present amongst the species of the genus are shortly explained as to morphology and anatomy.This is followed by a synoptical treatment of the succulent species of the genus, complete with typification details, full synonymy, geographical and ecological data, a diagnostic description, and, where applicable, notes on phylogenetic placement and relationships, as well as economic and/or horticultural importance	['SDG15']
82976812	National support for design, the development of propositional models	Many governments around the world acknowledge the role and value of design and have formulated design policies that include national business support programs in design, and that invest in building the capacity of their design sectors. These policies, however, heavily depend on national political and economic contingencies, and thus are subject to change and revision with the advent of each new administration. The alternative-leaning more heavily on nongovernmental organizations and regional design bodies-has its benefits but would also be subject to economic and political turns of fate. This paper reports on an investigation of national design policies in the UK and South Korea and explores some alternative models for developing and implementing these policies. The authors, who hail from Brunel, Loughborough, and Lancaster universities, presented the models to roughly a dozen participants from the design communities in several nations. They found that although no single model was chosen by a majority of respondents, most felt that there had to be some government involvement and endorsement of the policy for it to achieve any success	['SDG17', 'SDG09']
327071043	A qualitative examination of affect and ideology within mass media interventions to increase HIV testing with gay men garnered from a systematic review	Objectives: Increasing appropriate HIV testing among men who have sex with men (MSM) is crucial to HIV prevention.  Mass media interventions are effective in promoting testing, but to date there has been little examination of their active content.Design: We conducted a qualitative analysis of intervention materials (n=69) derived from a systematic review of mass media interventions designed to improve testing with MSM.Methods: Visual data were analysed for their affective and ideological content using a novel method drawing on concepts from semiotics (i.e., broadly speaking, the analysis of signs).Results: Whilst affect was not explicitly theorized or examined in any of the studies, there are clearly identifiable affective elements implicitly at play in these interventions. Four thematic categories of affect/ideology were identified including: (1) sexual desire and the ‘pornographication’ of the gay/bisexual male subject; (2) narratives of romance and love; (3) fear, threat and regret; (4) ‘flattened’ affect.Conclusions: This is the first study to examine and detail the affective and ideological aspects of intervention content in this field. Using analytic techniques such as those reported here, in addition to approaches that focus on the manner in which intervention content address more proximal determinants of behaviour, can provide a rich and potentially more useful evidence-base to assist with future interventions	['SDG03', 'SDG10']
552965643	The work that plants do: Life, labour and the future of vegetal economies	Whether driven by developments in plant science, bio-philosophy, or broader societal dynamics, plants have to respond to a litany of environmental, social, and economic challenges. This collection explores thework'that plants do in contemporary capitalism, examining how vegetal life is enrolled in processes of value creation, social reproduction, and capital accumulation. Bringing together insights from geography, anthropology, and the environmental humanities, the contributors contend that attention to the diverse capacities and agencies of plants can both enrich understandings of capitalist economies, and also catalyze new forms of resistance to their logics	['SDG15', 'SDG12']
603403064	Attitude and readiness of utilizing virtual reality simulations in interprofessional education to facilitate prompt and safe hospital discharges in England	It can be challenging in England to provide interprofessional education (IPE) in hospitals due to practitioners’ availability, high workload, difficulty to backfill, and training costs. Furthermore, most of the IPE training is facilitated by a didactic teaching strategy in a classroom which fails to engage practitioners to understand each other roles and responsibilities, work procedures, policies, issues related to resources, and their pressure points. Technological innovation, in particular virtual reality has opened up a door to overcome these challenges by enabling practitioners to access IPE virtually, and it provides an immersive experience to them. It is not clear whether health and social care practitioners in England would accept and be ready to embrace this type of technology. Hence, this research study aims to understand attitudes and readiness to access virtual reality simulations (VRS) as a teaching modality and pedagogical tool. Health and social care practitioners (n = 22) attended two focus groups after engaging in a VRS and agreed that it could give them valuable learning experiences where they would be able to learn and practice soft skills in a safe environment to discharge people promptly and safely	['SDG03', 'SDG04']
603403043	Editorial introduction: Racialised migrants navigating the UK's hostile environment policies	This article presents personal stories from a participatory biographical arts-based study with a specific category of racialised migrants: individuals seeking asylum, in the North East of England. Responding to the important questions posed by this special issue, the article explores individual experiences of navigating the UK's hostile environment with a focus on the threefold punitive ‘threat’ of dispersal, detention, and destitution (Bloch and Schuster, 2005). Adopting an intersectional lens, the discussion highlights the impact of such policies and their compound effect of creating (un)safe and exclusionary everyday spaces, while also outlining the potential for resistance as illustrated by participants’ actions and their creative (re)actions as part of the study's arts-based approach	['SDG10', 'SDG16']
82958411	Developing EAP courses for distance delivery in the global context	New Open University (OU) EAP courses are geared towards enabling students with language needs to achieve in the academic environment. According to research carried out in the OU (O’Shea-Poon et al, 2009), there is ‘a strong relationship between English language competency and academic attainment’. In addition ‘continued inward migration, international expansion and an increased focus on widening participation are likely to widen the ethnicity attainment gap.’ (p. 2)The objective of these courses is to help students appropriate the written and oral language for their own purposes, whether study related or outside of the study context.The courses offer students access to resources in the form of reading, audio/visual and speaking materials online, with which to interact individually or collectively. Establishing online relationships is seen as key to enabling students to communicate comfortably across geographic boundaries. Communication takes place via Tutor Group Forums, Elluminate (web conferencing programme), email or Skype and is an essential part of the courses. The distance dimension enables the creation of online communities, and the courses prioritise tasks which give students the opportunity to work collectively through group activities, for both formative and summative purposes. This talk will discuss how the courses have been designed to achieve these aims and to what extent they have succeeded, giving examples of materials and activities from three courses, two undergraduate and one postgraduate. It will include links to the course websites and offer innovative and exciting ideas for online English learning in the academic context	['SDG04']
603403050	Circulating H3K27me3 modified nucleosomes as a biomarker to monitor anti EZH2-based treatment in advanced solid tumour patients: Translational analyses from CAIRE trial	CAIRE is a phase 2 umbrella study which assessed activity of combined anti-EZH2 tazemetostat and anti-PDL1 durvalumab (T+D) in advanced pretreated pancreatic, colorectal and sarcoma cancer patients. The are currently no plasma biomarkers for anti-EZH2 treatment monitoring or outcome. EZH2 catalyzes tri-methylation of Lysine 27 (K27me3) on nucleosomal histone 3 (H3, H3K27me3). Circulating, cell free H3K27me3 modified nucleosomes are thus a potential biomarker for tazemetostat activity. We evaluated the concentration of circulating H3K27me3 modified nucleosomes normalized to H3.1 nucleosomes (the most common isoform of H3) in T+D treated patients, irrespective of the tumor primary site, to determine target engagement during anti-EZH2 treatment. Plasma from patients receiving T+D was collected before the first cycle administration (C1D1), on the following two cycles administration (C2D1, C3D1) and at end of treatment (EOT). H3.1 and H3K27me3 containing nucleosomes were quantified by Nu.Q®-H3.1 and Nu.Q®-H3K27me3 Chemiluminescent Immunoassays. Concentrations are reported as ng/ml and the comparison of their median values at the different timepoints were tested with Kruskal-Wallis and Mann Whitney (independent samples) or Wilcoxon tests (paired samples), with SciPy.stat package (1.6.2). Bonferroni correction was applied to multiple comparisons. Of 197 total samples, 191 were evaluable for both biomarkers (6 higher than top standard after 5x dilution): 69 at C1D1, 63 at C2D1, 50 at C3D1 and 9 at EOT. For 58 patients paired C1D1 and C1D2 levels were available, 46 from C1D1 to C3D1 and 8 from C1D1 to EOT. The normalized Nu.Q®-H3K27me3 C1D1 median value (0.56) was significantly higher than C2D1 (0.31, p: e-12), C3D1 (0.31, p: e-12) and EOT ones (0.28, p: 0.001). Conversely, Nu.Q®-H3.1 levels were similar from C1D1 to C3D1 (range of the medians: 122.16-133.25 ng/ml) and increased at EOT (290.09 ng/ml), but with no significant difference between pairwise timepoints. Regarding paired-samples comparison, the normalized Nu.Q®-H3K27me3 was significantly higher at C1D1 than at C2D1 (p: e-8) and C3D1 (p: e-9) and at EOT (p: 0.02). Conversely, H3.1 concentration was significantly higher at EOT than at C1D1 (p: 0.02), at C2D1 (p: 0.02) and C3D1 (p: 0.05).In conclusion, we described for the first time that normalized circulating nucleosomal H3K27me3 values significantly decrease during T-based treatment in metastatic solid tumor patients, irrespective of the primary disease site, supporting its potential role as a pharmacodynamic biomarker for EZH2 inhibition. Moreover, total nucleosomal H3.1 seems to represent a surrogate of disease burden in metastatic pancreatic, colorectal and sarcoma cancers, as suggested previously in other hematological malignancies	['SDG03']
603403031	The rise of big philanthropy in global social policy: implications for policy transfer and analysis	A new group of Western development donors has emerged as increasingly influential actors in global social policy. Big philanthropies have begun implementing social protection projects on a vast scale across the Global South and have become integrated within global governance structures. It is essential to examine whether their approach to social policy in the South is effective, legitimate and desirable for the substantive agendas and programmes in these countries and for analysis of social policy in a development context. This study investigates contemporary big philanthropies through a qualitative case-study of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and its role in the health sector in Tanzania. It examines the ways in which big philanthropies engage and seek to influence policy on the ground, directly exploring the views and experiences of local stakeholders. The study finds that big philanthropies have distinctive features and mechanisms as global social policy entrepreneurs. In contrast to the vertical and linear processes associated with traditional policy transfer, a more messy and complex set of mechanisms are observed. The study also indicates that despite considerable resources and authority, philanthropic donors may not be effective in securing policy reform within aid-receiving countries due to a lack of transparency and embeddedness	['SDG01', 'SDG03', 'SDG10', 'SDG17']
603403008	Anti-social Behaviour	What is anti-social behaviour? Can it be dealt with effectively? Is the problem exaggerated? From the Daily Mail's claim of Britain being named ‘Yob Capital of Europe’, to the headline in The Times of ‘Tearaway given ASBO at 10’, the subject of anti-social behaviour has been given a huge amount of political, social, media, public policy and academic interest in recent years. Using lively case studies and examples, Andrew Millie introduces the concept of anti-social behaviour (ASB) and examines its implications for society in the 21st century. The chapters explore: The origins of the term Different causes and types of ASB Theoretical frameworks for ASB and ASB control How the UK deals with ASB compared to other countries The rise of the ASBO Alternative enforcement options Methods of prevention The future for ASB Anti-Social Behaviour is fascinating reading for all Criminology, Sociology and Social Policy students	['SDG11', 'SDG16']
603403104	Democracy and Stock Market Returns	This paper empirically examines the relationship between the level of democratization and stock index returns in a sample of 74 countries. Compared with democracies, autocratic states are characterized by lower returns despite exhibiting higher return volatility. Even though this higher volatility can be mostly attributed to diversifiable country-specific risk, the Capital Asset Pricing Model is unable to explain the return differential. Instead, it is the level of investor protection that can fully account for the phenomenon described here. Autocratic leaders may be reluctant to promulgate regulation shielding investors and the resultant expropriation depresses the returns realized by outsiders	['SDG16', 'SDG08']
603403021	Bridging the Gap: Understanding Reassurance Policing	While crime rates in England and Wales have been falling, the perception has remained, for many, that crime is rising. It has also been assumed that fear of crime is high, although measures of fear have been declining since the mid-1990s. Of greater concern is a concurrent decline in confidence in the police. This ‘gap’ underpins the need for reassurance as a means of gaining legitimacy for policing decisions. We consider the background to reassurance policing and examine interpretation at ground level through interviews with officers involved in a strategy trial based upon a ‘signal crimes’ perspective	['SDG16']
603402961	Realising the potential of online teacher development courses to improve student learning — a brief for eLearning providers	The Government of Bangladesh and Aspire to Innovate (a2i) are making substantial investments in blended learning for teacher professional development (TPD) through the national eLearning platform ‘Mukto Paath’. This policy brief explores research evidence of primary-level teachers’ participation in one such course—Anonde Gonit Shikhi (AGS) by the Directorate of Primary Education—and makes evidence-based recommendations to increase the proportion of teachers and schools realising the potential benefits on teaching and learning.Some teachers — with encouragement from their head-teacher and help from other teachers in the school—regularly put the AGS activities into practice and reported improved experiences of teaching and learning. However, many teachers lacked such encouragement and support at school and did not use the activities regularly or experience the same benefits. To realise greater impact, course designers should emphasise the importance of practical implementation in schools—and should illustrate how head teachers and teachers can work together to support this	['SDG04']
603403144	Creating an Open Online Educational Resource to Support Learners as They Navigate Their Studies Alongside Work and/or Family	As labour markets undergo rapid and profound transformations, lifelong learning is essential to ensure a responsive, competitive, and skilled workforce. Mature learners are a diverse group, but in comparison to their younger student counterparts, are more likely to have employment and/or caring responsibilities. This field note discusses the development and features of a novel online open educational resource, called At a crossroads: Navigating work and/or family alongside study (At a crossroads for brevity). The resource aimed to assist university students to both learn about the support options available to them as well as to consider how they themselves might make decisions if they experienced a conflict between their student/work/family roles. At a crossroads is innovative in terms of how it was developed (i.e., via survey-based research, story completion method, and consultations sessions with tertiary students) and in terms of what it is (i.e., an online interactive resource that incorporates short dramatizations, social polls, and opportunities to reflect). Our experience in developing this resource caused us to consider how making resources designed to be engaging and informative, while encouraging, positive changes, must be part of the solution. This is especially so when there is significant concern around the overall well-being of tertiary students and their course completion rates. While universities have attempted to offer a range of tools to support their students, on-demand online resources such as At a crossroads are easily accessed, free to use, and deliver content in an engaging manner	['SDG04', 'SDG08']
603403012	Crime as an issue during the 2005 UK general election	Politicians are fond of telling interviewers that their focus should be on the `real issues' or `what matters most to the people'. This research note considers the place of crime as a `real issue', specifically during the national general election held in the UK in May 2005. According to research by Ipsos MORI (May 2005), at the time of the election the issues that mattered most to people were crime (40 per cent), the health service (36 per cent), race relations/immigration (27 per cent) and education (26 per cent). Crime was clearly important to the public, but how was this reflected in the policies of the main parties and the media coverage of the campaign	['SDG16']
82980725	European transitions towards a corporate-environmental food regime: agroecological incorporation or contestation?	The ‘food regime’ concept helps to analyse potential transitions beyond the agro-industrial regime which has been globally dominant since the 1970s.  As its multiple crises generate alternative production methods and products, some have been incorporated into a nascent ‘corporate-environmental food regime’.  This nascent regime is illustrated here by two agendas prominent in Europe – ‘bioeconomy’ (Life Sciences) and ‘sustainable intensification’. As a significant difference, the prevalent ‘bioeconomy’ agenda marginalises agroecological practices, while ‘sustainable intensification’ selectively incorporates such practices within a broader toolkit including biotech.  Regardless of that difference, both agendas reinforce a neoliberal productivist narrative: namely, more resource-efficient methods are necessary for increasing production to fulfill the greater market demand for food, feed, fuel, etc. In this way, the capital-accumulation driver is reified as ‘market demand’ arising exogenously from the food production system – which thereby accommodates societal needs.   By contrast, the agroecology narrative diagnoses the problem as profit-driven agro-industrial monoculture systems making farmers dependent on external inputs, undermining their knowledge, and distancing consumers from agri-producers.  Through such a narrative, new alliances have elaborated a different future linking farmers’ knowledge-exchange, agroecology, food sovereignty, citizens’ initiatives, public knowledge about food production, etc.  Civil society organisations have facilitated such linkages among researchers, scientists and social movements. In those ways, contending narratives justify different trajectories for an agro-food transition.  Each links different innovation paradigms of technique, quality and knowledge.   These differences often remain implicit amidst broad terms such as bioeconomy, sustainable intensification, agroecology, etc.  Making the divergences explicit can help contest transitions towards a corporate-environmental food regime, while also counterposing agroecological alternatives	['SDG02', 'SDG12', 'SDG17']
82980765	Integrating Second Life in humanitarian and development training	The paper will address an opportunity for mixed-reality learning in Second Life by discussing the training needs and restrictions for humanitarian and development workers as met by the Open University course TUXR873: Working with conflict:  tools, skills and dialogue.  The paper will map these needs to the affordances of Second Life, in a context of realistic, practical and sustainable course development, and consider the potential for Second Life collaboration to replace the residential aspect of the existing course.  This paper aims to open discussion around the issues involved in developing such a course.  This work is relevant to all sectors of education who might consider embedding virtual world role play into a course.  The work is particularly relevant to providers of distance learning, especially in developing countries	['SDG04']
82974562	Deploying Google Apps into the curriculum	The OU has for some time now been offering Google Apps to our current students on an opt-in basis, initially to offer a replacement to the OpenText FirstClass service we used to run, and to complement students’ personal email provision. We now have in excess of 24,000 students using our my.open.ac.uk Google Apps domain via single-sign-on. Of more interest to our learning systems and curriculum teams however was the potential to adopt some of the other tools – such as Docs and Sites. This presentation will cover early adoption of Google Apps ‘out-of-the-box’ for curriculum use in some of our popular modules as well as developments to integrate better with our VLE in Moodle	['SDG04']
82958178	The benefits of part-time undergraduate study and UK higher education policy: a literature review	Part-time study in the UK is significant: nearly 40 per cent of higher education students study part-time.This article reports on a literature review that sought to understand the economic and social benefits of part-time study in the UK. It concludes that there are substantial and wide-ranging benefits from studying part-time. The article also aims to place the discussion in the current policy context by drawing attention to the fact that while part-time study is seen as important for increasing the global competitiveness of the UK economy, expansion of higher education has tended to focus on the young, full-time student; furthermore, part-time study is less generously resourced compared to full-time study. New policy pronouncements made in 2009 appear to recognise these policy contradictions, which state that most future growth will be in provision other than the full-time, 3-year undergraduate degree. Indeed, the Government’s independent review of fees has recognized that parity of funding is an issue and its recommendations on part-time study have been endorsed by the government	['SDG04']
109586	Formative e-Assessment: case stories, design patterns and future scenarios	This chapter presents findings from the JISC funded project ‘Scoping a vision for formative e-assessment’ (FEASST). The project was motivated by the increasing recognition of the importance of formative assessment and the need to identify effective strategies for incorporating it into e-learning. This chapter is particularly interested in the human-centric, social dimensions of e-assessment. The project used the participatory pattern methodology to engage a group of practitioners in developing case studies of formative e-assessment across a range of settings (from Primary to Higher Education) through a series of Practical Enquiry Days. Next, the design patterns were extracted from these cases and the outcomes were analysed against the literature. Patterns were subjected to the scrutiny of a group of software developers who used them as the basis for pedagogical and technical scenarios of use. Finally, the case studies and the design patterns were mapped to a domain map. This chapter provides an overview of the project and highlights an illustrative number of patterns	['SDG04']
82923795	Policing the anti-globalisation protests: patterns and variations in state responses	The arrival of the anti-globalisation movement was manifested in a new wave of protests involving innovative tactics targeting the summit meetings of a variety of international bodies and institutions. In response a new pattern of state management of these protests has developed which goes beyond traditional methods of protest policing. This pattern has involved constraints on civil liberties, including the right to protest and the right to free movement, militarisation of policing, transnational cooperation between police forces, increased surveillance and media and image management. We delineate this new pattern of state management of political dissent by examining policing strategies across five continents, noting national and regional variations in state policing responses	['SDG16']
82981125	Temporal and spatial variability of groundwater–surface water fluxes: Development and application of an analytical method using temperature time series	Significant spatial and temporal variability of water fluxes may exist at the river–groundwater interface and the assessment of such variability may be important for appreciation of the spatial and temporal dynamics of chemical loading to a river or aquifer. Measurement of such variability is limited due to difficulties of applying conventional Darcian flux based methods. Thermal parameters required to distinguish between conductive and advective heat transfers, and hence to determine water fluxes, exhibit a narrower range within sediments than hydraulic properties required for Darcy-based methods. To exploit this we explore a method of utilising temperature time series to calculate vertical water fluxes across riverbed sediments. River and streambed temperatures may be measured using robust, inexpensive loggers which are simple to deploy. These sensors may provide attenuation and phase shift of the diurnal temperature signal which, at depth, varies with the seepage flux (to or from the river). We present an analytical extension to an existing numerical solution of the heat flow equation, which is used in conjunction with Dynamic Harmonic Regression signal processing techniques for the analysis of diurnal oscillations at two or more depths in the river bed. This permits the computation of a time series of vertical seepage fluxes without the need for complex numerical solutions. Furthermore, Monte Carlo analysis allows an assessment of the uncertainty in the seepage flux estimates to be made. The method has been applied to a reach of a UK lowland river in order to demonstrate that, even in such a low energy environment, water fluxes at the river–groundwater interface are significantly variable. Derived fluxes showed significant variation, which is supported by measurements from other methods. We propose that our approach offers a reliable and robust field-based method for quantifying vertical water fluxes at the groundwater–surface water interface and a means of recording seepage flux time series	['SDG13', 'SDG06']
84152840	The development of new disciplines in Education – the Open Education example	The advent of digital, networked technology has had an impact on many aspects of scholarly practice. The influence can be seen as both technical and cultural, as new technologies allow different practices to emerge, and cultural norms from the internet also shape expectations and behavior. In some areas, this has seen the emergence of distinct disciplines, which have built on existing ones and combined these with networked practices. This chapter examines one such example, that of Open Education, and considers whether such areas can be considered as new disciplines. The emergence of such fields is suggested as analogous to the urban renaissance and thedevelopment of towns when certain conditions arose	['SDG04']
82973193	Connecting repositories in the open access domain using text mining and semantic data	This paper presents CORE (COnnecting REpositories), a system that aims to facilitate the access and navigation across scientific papers stored in Open Access repositories. This is being achieved by harvesting metadata and full-text content from Open Access repositories, by applying text mining techniques to discover semanticly related articles and by representing and exposing these relations as Linked Data. The information about associations between articles expressed in an interoperable format will enable the emergence of a wide range of applications. The potential of CORE can be demonstrated on two use-cases: (1) Improving the the navigation capabilities of digital libraries by the means of a CORE pluging, (2) Providing access to digital content from smart phones and tablet devices by the means of the CORE Mobile application	['SDG04', 'SDG09', 'SDG17']
84152836	Evaluation of a drop-in clinic for young people with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder	Aims To implement and evaluate a nurse-led, multi-agency drop-in clinic for young people with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).Method A repeated measures observational study over 12 months exploring clinic attendance and user satisfaction, crisis management and did not attend (DNA) rates, consultant time spent with patients, benefits to quality of care, and service flexibility.Results A total of 62 service users participated. A significant improvement in service user experience was observed (P=0.001). Crisis management attendances significantly increased (P=0.005). DNA rates did not reduce significantly (P=0.057). Service users attended for their medication review before or on their due date (P=0.011). Those who needed to were able to spend more time with the staff (P=0.001).Conclusion The clinic improved service accessibility and flexibility. It allowed adherence to clinical guidance, including uptake of psychosocial interventions. There was an overwhelmingly positive improvement in service user experience. Importantly, as contact with the ADHD nurse specialists increased, this significantly reduced the amount of time consultant community paediatricians spent with service users. Further research should examine the cost-effectiveness and longitudinal effect of the drop-in model	['SDG03']
333644996	Nurses' early and ongoing encounters with the dying and the dead: a scoping review of the international literature	Background: End-of-life care is high on policy and political agendas in the UK and internationally. Nurses are at the forefront of this, caring for dying patients, ‘managing’ the dead body, and dealing with the corporeal, emotional and relational dimensions of death. Little is known about nurses' prior or early professional experiences of and reactions to death, dying and the corpse and how these might influence practice. Aims: To appraise the international literature on nurses' early experiences of death, dying and the dead body, to better understand how these might influence subsequent practice, and how this might inform our teaching of death, dying and last offices. Methods: A scoping review was undertaken of peer-reviewed publications between, 2000 and 2019, which included nurses working in hospital, care homes and the community. Medline, PubMed, PsychINFO and CINAHL databases were searched and 23 papers meeting the inclusion criteria were read. Arksey and O'Malley's (2005) five-stage approach was adopted to scope the relevant international literature, using where relevant the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) statement. Selected papers were independently reviewed and subjected to thematic analysis, leading to the generation of five overarching themes.  Results: The five themes were: different philosophies of care; relationships; knowledge; impact of death; and giving care. The studies came from diverse geographical locations across different settings and were primarily qualitative in design.  Conclusions: Students and registered nurses are impacted both positively and negatively by their early encounters with death and dying. Good communication with patients, families and between professionals, understanding of what constitutes a ‘good’ death, and high-quality mentorship and support were of particular importance	['SDG03', 'SDG04']
224959385	Designing a better accreditation standard to promote graduates' employability	The Institute of Coding is developing a novel accreditation standard, which addresses employability concerns explored in the Wakeham and Shadbolt reviews, but differs from the content focussed standards prevalent across STEM. This session is essentially practical. Participants will use Skills Framework for the Information Age (SFIA) material, or a relevant skills framework for their own discipline, to construct a plausible accreditation standard for a subject area, evaluating it against the graduate qualities demanded by employers and society	['SDG04', 'SDG08']
82973677	A blended design approach for pervasive healthcare: bringing together users, experts and technology	Pervasive healthcare is beginning to investigate how novel sensory technologies can be used to measure body movements and provide various forms of feedback. This position paper reflects on a blended design approach that uses a combination of technology-inspiration, consultation with experts and user-centred design for the development of a personalized pervasive health care system to support stroke rehabilitation	['SDG03', 'SDG09']
84152917	MiR-126 and miR-126* regulate shear-resistant firm leukocyte adhesion to human brain endothelium	Leukocyte adhesion to brain endothelial cells, the blood-brain barrier main component, is a critical step in the pathogenesis of neuroinflammatory diseases such as multiple sclerosis (MS). Leukocyte adhesion is mediated mainly by selectins, cell adhesion molecules and chemokines induced by pro-inflammatory cytokines such as TNFα and IFNγ, but the regulation of this process is not fully clear. This study investigated the regulation of firm leukocyte adhesion to human brain endothelium by two different brain endothelial microRNAs (miRs), miR-126 and miR-126*, that are downregulated by TNFα and IFNγ in a human brain endothelial cell line, hCMEC/D3. Using a leukocyte adhesion in vitro assay under shear forces mimicking blood flow, we observed that reduction of endothelial miR-126 and miR-126* enhanced firm monocyte and T cell adhesion to hCMEC/D3 cells, whereas their increased expression partially prevented THP1, Jurkat and primary MS patient-derived PBMC firm adhesion. Furthermore, we observed that miR-126* and miR-126 downregulation increased E-selectin and VCAM1, respectively, while miR-126 overexpression reduced VCAM1 and CCL2 expression by hCMEC/D3 cells, suggesting that these miRs regulate leukocyte adhesion by modulating the expression of adhesion-associated endothelial mRNA targets. Hence, human brain endothelial miR-126 and miR-126* could be used as a therapeutic tool to reduce leukocyte adhesion and thus reduce neuroinflammation	['SDG03']
82899950	Low attainers in primary mathematics: the whisperers and the maths fairy	In this fascinating book, Jenny Houssart draws on close observations with children in lower mathematics sets in primary schools to investigate why some children opt out of mathematics at an early age. After introducing us to the children, she addresses a particular type of mathematical task in each chapter, including:mental work practical work written work calculators and computers assessment tasks.Through the use of stories and quotes, the author shows how the children respond to specific tasks and presents evidence of a range of difficulties that emerge as the children are working. Each chapter ends with discussions and implications for classroom practice.Low Attainers in Primary Mathematics will be a useful resource for primary teachers, student teachers, SENCOs and teaching assistants who will all recognise these children from their own classrooms and draw insights from this highly readable book	['SDG04']
82924532	The dorsal anterior cingulate cortex (BA32) in autism: Morphometric analyses of deep cortical layers and subcortical white matter	Introduction: The dorsal anterior cingulate cortex (BA32) is a region implicated in both social impairments and repetitive behaviors seen in Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). The neuropathological basis for these functional impairments is unclear. Cortical lamination progresses sequentially during mid-gestation, with layer 6 and then layer 5 populated by neurons. An investigation of cellular arrangement within these layers would provide insight into functional cortical circuitry in autism and highlight any significant early developmental disturbances.Methods: A 1 in 4 series of 10m sections from BA32 obtained post-mortem from 8 cases with ASD (24.0 ± 5.3 years, range 5-45) and 11 age and gender-matched controls (28.1 ± 3.9 years, range 4-44), were stained with toluidine blue, immunolabeled with MAP2 and analysed using unbiased stereology (MicroBrightfield) to determine neuronal and glial cell densities in cortical layers 5, 6, subcortical white matter (WM) and total neuronal numbers (under 1mm2 cortex). Neuronal clustering and alignment were also determined using customised Voronoi tessellation and morphometric image analysis (Media Cybernetics).Results: Mean WM glial cell density was 1.27 fold higher in ASD cases than controls (p=0.05), particularly high in the two oldest ASD cases (1.6-1.7 fold higher). Mean layer 5 and 6 neuronal and glial cell densities did not differ significantly between ASD and controls, although higher mean glial-to-neuronal ratios were found in ASD (L5:1.66; L6:1.88) compared to controls (L5:1.41; L6:1.54). Mean WM neuron densities were higher in ASD but did not reach statistical significance.Discussion: This is the first stereological study of BA32 in ASD. Voronoi and morphometric analyses will be discussed. Increased WM glial density supports our previous findings, did not correlate with seizure activity, but could relate to altered functional connectivity and WM abnormalities reported in ASD. This work was supported by the Autism Tissue Program (US) and funded by Autism Speaks (US)	['SDG03']
84152877	The Impact of Consumer Confusion on Nutrition Literacy and Subsequent Dietary Behavior	This paper examines the impact of consumer confusion on nutrition knowledge, literacy, and dietary behavior. While previous research largely focuses on understanding why consumers might not respond to healthy eating communications, this paper seeks to uncover the various behavioral responses to such campaigns, particularly those that contravene health communication objectives. Using an interpretive methodology, findings suggest that most participants do respond to health communications by striving to eat healthily, but inadequate nutrition information derived from unreliable sources, flawed baseline nutrition knowledge, and poor nutrition literacy hinder participants’ efforts. Inconsistent, incomplete, and contradictory information leaves many participants feeling confused about how to implement healthy eating habits. Further, a lack of ability to differentiate between credible and unreliable sources of nutrition information means that many participants blame their confusion on policymakers, and express frustration and cynicism toward vague and often contradictory communications. This, in turn, increases participants’ reliance on food adverts, product labels, and other commercial sources of ambiguous yet appealing information. The paper's theoretical contribution includes a consumer confusion framework for healthy eating, and policy implications highlight that health campaigns seeking to increase consumer awareness of healthy eating are not enough. Policymakers must become the most credible sources of information about healthy eating, and distinguish themselves from competing and unreliable sources of nutrition information	['SDG03', 'SDG12']
151211641	Taylor's power law and the statistical modelling of infectious disease surveillance data	Surveillance data collected on several hundred different infectious organisms over 20 years have revealed striking power relationships between their variance and mean in successive time periods. Such patterns are common in ecology, where they are referred to collectively as Taylor's power law. In the paper, these relationships are investigated in detail, with the aim of exploiting them for the descriptive statistical modelling of infectious disease surveillance data. We confirm the existence of variance-to-mean power relationships, with exponent typically between 1 and 2. We investigate skewness-to-mean relationships, which are found broadly to match those expected of Tweedie distributions, and thus confirm the relevance of the Tweedie convergence theorem in this context. We suggest that variance- and skewness-to-mean power laws, when present, should inform statistical modelling of infectious disease surveillance data, notably in descriptive analysis, model building, simulation and interval and threshold estimation, threshold estimation being particularly relevant to outbreak detection	['SDG03']
82899838	Governance and educational innovation	Studies of educational leadership and management too often neglect the framework of governance as a significant element of the wider context within which school leaders operate (Glatter, 1997). The purposes of this chapter are to: Briefly review some recent analytical work on the governance of education; and Ask how appropriate our current models of governance are for meeting the needs of education in a fast-changing society, and whether any more appropriate models can be suggested	['SDG04']
82899853	Continuing professional development	"About the book: this second edition of ""Clinical Governance in Primary Care"" extends and amplifies the principles outlined in the first edition. Enabling readers to apply clinical governance in their workplace as individuals and as workplace or practice teams, it provides a description of clinical governance in primary care by a panel of renowned leading contributors - based on practical examples on how clinical governance functions in Primary Care Trusts and teams. Additional chapters to this edition include ones on information management, team-work and clinical governance.Contents:Part 1: Setting the sceneClinical governance: a quality conceptClinical governance in primary careClinical governance in action - in a PCTClinical governance in action - in a practicePart 2: The components of clinical governance    What are patients looking for?   Evidence-based practiceDissemination and implementing evidence-based practice    Quality improvement process    Appropriate use of data    Managing information    Reducing risk and promoting safety in primary care    Significant event auditing    Lessons from complaints    Tackling poor performance    Continuing professional development    Developing leaders    Developing teamwork    Part 3: Exploring the future    Educating the coming generation    The end of certainty: professionalism re-visited Implementing clinical governanc"	['SDG03', 'SDG04']
82973567	Photon radiation-induced structural and functional changes in the myocardium of hypertensive spontaneously hypertensive rats	Hypertensive SHR rates were irradiated with orange-red light using a Korobkov photon light-emitting diode matrix with a maximum radiation at 612 nm; irradiation was performed daily for 1 h for 13 days. After the course of irradiation, the rhythmoinothropic characteristics of the cardiac papillary muscle significantly improved. Morphological analysis revealed active rearrangement in myocytes, which were observed primarily in the structure of the sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR), whose relative area increased more than twice compared to the control. Apparently, photon therapy of hypertensive rats normalizes calcium homeostasis in myocytes and improves the calcium-transport function of SR. The normalization of structural and functional characteristics of the myocardium with hypertensive rates may result from an increase in the SR buffer capacity and activation of SR Ca2+-ATPase. Furthermore, qualitative and quantitative changes in the proportion of capillaries, myofibrils, and mitochondria in myocytes indicate the development of adaptive-compensatory processes leading to the activation of biosynthetic processes and an increase in the energy potential of the myocardium	['SDG03']
82910105	Routine examination of the newborn: the EMREM study.  Evaluation of an extension of the midwife role including a randomised controlled trial of appropriately trained midwives and paediatric senior house officers	This study assesses the implications and cost-effectiveness of extending the role of midwives to include the routine (24-hour) examination of the healthy newborn usually carried out by junior doctors	['SDG03']
186327577	A systematic review of interventions available during care crises for individuals with learning disabilities (LD) who are cared for by an ageing carer within the United Kingdom	The aim is to is to provide a greater understanding of the existing crisis interventions and preventative support available for individuals with learning disabilities (LD) who are cared for by an ageing carer within the UK. This will include evaluating the outcomes and effectiveness of available interventions, including cost-efficiency (where this information is provided).The current review aimed to synthesize all available evidence on the availability and effectiveness of the interventions available to support people with LD who are being cared for by older carers in times of crisis. This includes a review of the financial implications of such crises and interventions	['SDG10', 'SDG03']
286365737	Pathways into Creative Working Lives	The promise of ‘doing what you love’ continues to attract new entrants into the sector of the cultural and creative industries. The collection asks if the promise is betrayed by the realities of pathways into creative work or, more positively, if a creative identification presents new personal and professional possibilities in the precarious contexts of contemporary work and employment. Two decades into the 21st century, aspiring creative workers can undertake training and higher education courses. They can attempt to convert personal enthusiasms and amateur activities into income-earning careers. Many are self-employed, some utilising skills developed in other occupations. This book presents research on pathways into creative work in a range of occupations and national contexts, including Australia, Belgium, China, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Finland, the Netherlands, Russia, the US, the UK and Vietnam. Chapters explore transitions and issues, and the obstacles that new workers encounter	['SDG08']
593060383	Using genre to explain how children linguistically co-construct make-believe social scenarios in classroom role-play	This paper argues that classroom role-play can be conceptualised theoretically as an oral genre, as defined within Systemic Functional Linguistics (SFL). The work draws on analysis of 15 video-recorded child-led role-plays in which groups of three 4–5 year-old children engage in five different life-like social scenarios. The study is underpinned by SFL register and genre analysis of the children’s interactions, and the findings reveal how the children’s linguistic choices have a direct impact on the dynamically unfolding role-play, and how imaginary scenarios are construed by the instantiation of individual genre stages, some of which serve to regulate the role-play and others that mimic real life social scenarios. The findings suggest that the two different types of stages construe two separate, but interwoven contexts, with the make-believe context often being dependent on the regulative context. The paper offers new insights into the ways in which SFL can reveal nuances in children’s dialogic and dynamic language in play	['SDG04']
161526422	The litigant in person’s tale: despair and dysfunction in the civil justice system of England and Wales	There is a dearth of academic literature and evidence about litigants in person (LiPs), despite their growing numbers. This article is an account of the seven months during which I was an LiP in a low-value breach-of-contract case, interspersed with reflections on the emotional impact of that experience. I hope that, by raising awareness of how LiPs are treated, and proposing some further research, the article may contribute to improving the experiences of future LiPs. Despite my extensive legal education, I found the situation enormously draining, and it resulted in one of the longest periods of stress that I have ever experienced. The intransigence of the defendant company and its legal representative paled into insignificance beside the incompetence of HM Courts and Tribunals Service and the incomprehensibility of official forms and processes. Change is urgently needed if LiPs are not to be denied access to civil justice	['SDG16']
428338011	Macroscopic charcoal counts and areas from fours sites in the Western Ghats (India) over the past 1000 years	High-resolution, continuously sampled charcoal records from sedimentary archives are rare in India. These datasets from four forest hollows' sedimentary sequences in an ancient agroforestry system in the Western Ghats, India, comprise the following data: (I) Macroscopic charcoal record (> 150 µm), including the total amount of particles per sample as well as the total area (mm2) of the particles per sample, and (II) Radiometric age dating (radiocarbon and Lead-210) used for depth-age modelling. More detailed information about the charcoal record and the relationships between biomass burning, vegetation change and land-use changes in the context of tropical agroforestry landscapes and sacred groves can be found in the research papers	['SDG13', 'SDG15']
389421617	British Psychological Society response to the Home Office Violence Against Women and Girls (VAWG) strategy 2021-2024: call for evidence	In this document The British Psychological Society (BPS) presents a response to the Home Office strategy “Tackling violence against women and girls: The plan for 2021 to 2024”. We present a review of key issues of the strategy “Ending Violence against Women and Girls 2016 – 2020” and highlight areas for further recommendation. This document is intended to supplement our initial response to the call for evidence and public survey	['SDG05']
131317115	Towards systemic governance of social-biophysical systems: social learning as collaborative performance	It is claimed that ’resilience thinking’ demands new approaches to collaborative planning and design. Watersheds, or river catchments and coastal estuaries help understand how social and biophysical phenomena mutually influence each other over time. Water governance is an increasingly important issue at the same time as several others that are linked to it, including climate change adaptation, energy and food security and biodiversity conservation. Effective governance needs to link up these diverse areas of policy in order to enhance and maintain the quality of biophysical and social processes in which water plays a central role. New challenges demand new ways of thinking and acting. Building on 15 years of research on social learning we have come to think of water or river catchments as a type of theatre in which new and different types of performance have to be developed to meet present and future needs.This paper will present a synthesis of research spanning 15 years that positions social learning as a duality - a governance mechanism and a dynamic, systemic, praxis process able to contribute to situational transformation and the emergence of collaborative performances in multi-stakeholder, or ’wicked’ situations such as water catchments. The paper will explore (i) framing considerations; (ii) modalities of systemic praxis; (iii) the mediating role of institutions and (iv) the implications for resilience discourse and praxis as contributors to systemic governance. We will draw out the different ways in which social, biophysical, and interdisciplinary scholars and practitioners frame, water catchments and their governance and unpack the ethical implications of these framing choices in relation to resilience thinking and practice under varying circumstances; the hybridization of several types of knowledge; as well as philosophical and epistemological considerations	['SDG12', 'SDG13', 'SDG15', 'SDG06']
323987590	The Social Construction of Quality Diabetes Care Appointments in Primary Care by Adults with Mild-to-Moderate Learning Disabilities, Their Supporters and Healthcare Professionals	Questions have been raised over the quality of healthcare including primary care diabetes services for adults with learning disabilities.  Despite numerous proposals and policies aimed at improving the quality of healthcare services for people with learning disabilities, little is known about what constitutes quality care from the perspective of key stakeholders.  This thesis aimed to: i) explore the social construction of ‘quality care’ in terms of diabetes primary care appointments by adults with mild-to-moderate learning disabilities, those who support their diabetes management and healthcare professionals; ii) reveal any similarities and differences in the ways in which these different stakeholders constructed quality care; and iii) explore the social construction of responsibility for the provision of quality diabetes care appointments for this population.  A discursive psychological analysis was conducted on twenty semi-structured interviews: eight adults with mild-to-moderate learning disabilities and diabetes, seven supporters and five healthcare professionals.The research demonstrated that different stakeholders drew on some common ideas to construct quality diabetes care appointments, notably that appointments should fulfil their purpose, stakeholders should fulfil their respective roles and responsibilities and that successful appointments are informed by medical and/or experiential knowledge.  Stakeholders also drew on differential repertoires around the relationship between independence and quality diabetes care and practicalities and constraints in the provision of quality diabetes care.  Different stakeholders were constructed as having different responsibilities.  People with learning disabilities were often positioned as having a limited level of responsibility whilst others were positioned as accountable.  Quality care was flexibly constructed to perform identity management for the speaker, to attribute responsibility and to justify care which deviated from recommended quality guidance for diabetes care.  Likewise, responsibility for quality care was flexibly taken up and attributed.  The findings of this thesis have implications for ongoing discussions about the nature of quality care for people with learning disabilities in diabetes services and beyond	['SDG03', 'SDG10']
131316760	Very large release of mostly volcanic carbon during the Palaeocene-Eocene Thermal Maximum	The Palaeocene–Eocene Thermal Maximum (PETM) was a global warming event that occurred about 56 million years ago, and is commonly thought to have been driven primarily by the destabilization of carbon from surface sedimentary reservoirs such as methane hydrates. However, it remains controversial whether such reservoirs were indeed the source of the carbon that drove the warming. Resolving this issue is key to understanding the proximal cause of the warming, and to quantifying the roles of triggers versus feedbacks. Here we present boron isotope data—a proxy for seawater pH—that show that the ocean surface pH was persistently low during the PETM. We combine our pH data with a paired carbon isotope record in an Earth system model in order to reconstruct the unfolding carbon-cycle dynamics during the event. We find strong evidence for a much larger (more than 10,000 petagrams)—and, on average, isotopically heavier— carbon source than considered previously. This leads us to identify volcanism associated with the North Atlantic Igneous Province, rather than carbon from a surface reservoir, as the main driver of the PETM. This finding implies that climate- driven amplification of organic carbon feedbacks probably played only a minor part in driving the event. However, we find that enhanced burial of organic matter seems to have been important in eventually sequestering the released carbon and accelerating the recovery of the Earth system	['SDG13', 'SDG15']
82977403	Negotiating multiple positionalities in the interview setting: researching across gender and generational boundaries	This article explores the multiple positionalities that were negotiated during qualitative interviews conducted with older British men who are grandfathers, by a young female early career researcher. Gender, and other methodological challenges negotiated by researchers of men and masculinities have been critiqued, but negotiations of age and generational differences in the field remain scant, despite recognition that age also structures socially constructed and spatially experienced identities. Including reflections on personal research experiences, the article outlines the need for explicit critical attention by geographers to the influence of the fluid intersectional identities of the researcher/researched on research experiences in the field and research outcomes	['SDG10', 'SDG05']
82924241	Social marketing to a minority community – developing communication narratives that resonate	Developing marketing communications that are meaningful to minority ethnic groups can be challenging. This paper presents the qualitative findings of feedback from a minority ethnic community amongst whom the author tested some case studies to be used as the basis for social marketing communications to be used as part of a health promotion campaign aimed at their community. These materials are based on evidence gathered in a previous stage of this research. The target audiences for this campaign are British Pakistani cardiac patients and members of their social networks. The behaviour being targeted is the provision of social support for these patients and patients’ management of such support	['SDG03']
82909837	Harmed by work or developing through work?  Issues in the study of psychosocial impacts	About the book: Working to be Someone presents an overview of worldwide research on working children that considers children's own views of employment in favour of adult-constructed arguments about child work.This book brings together contributions by internationally renowned researchers who are committed to a 'subject-orientated' approach as well as views and observations of activists from organizations that either work with child labour or support working children's movements. Chapters examine the traditionally widespread care and domestic work carried out by children, discuss localized explorations of working children - for example in Morocco, India and Europe - as well as consider work as a means for children to contribute economically to the family. Contributors also discuss children's movements and organizations in Africa, Asia and South America that claim work as a necessity for survival as well as a key to children's own agency and citizenship.This book is a key text for both academics and social work practitioners that encourages re-evaluation of the notion of childhood and understands the complex phenomenon of working children	['SDG04', 'SDG08']
82975390	Key principles in assessing students' practice based learning	Assessing student learning in the practice setting is one of the most sophisticated and complex forms of evaluation undertaken by registered nurses. The Nursing and Midwifery Council sets standards relating to learning and assessment in practice, focusing on professional values, communication and interpersonal skills, nursing practice, decision making, leadership, management and teamworking. Assessment needs to include evaluation of skill (technical, psychomotor and interpersonal), attitudes and insights, and reasoning. As assessment of student learning is conducted in the practice setting, risks have to be managed, and targets and service standards met. Therefore, it is understandable that mentors may express doubts about their ability to assess student learning rigorously and fairly. It is particularly challenging for mentors to state confidently what represents a demonstration of learning and competence when asked to decide whether a student is fit to practise	['SDG03', 'SDG04']
82981474	Protective effect of the multitarget compound DPH-4 on human SSAO/VAP-1-expressing hCMEC/D3 cells under oxygen-glucose deprivation conditions, an in vitro experimental model of cerebral ischemia.	BACKGROUND AND PURPOSEStroke and Alzheimer's disease (AD) are related pathologies in which the cerebrovascular system is involved. Semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase/vascular adhesion protein-1 (SSAO/VAP-1), increased in both stroke and AD patients' plasma, contributes to the vascular damage. During inflammation its enzymatic activity mediates leukocyte recruitment into the injured tissue, inducing damage in the blood-brain barrier (BBB) and neuronal tissue. We hypothesized that through the alteration of cerebrovascular function, SSAO/VAP-1 might play a role in the stroke-AD transition. Therefore, the protective effect on the BBB of the novel multitarget-directed ligand (MTDL) DPH-4, initially designed for AD therapy, was evaluated.EXPERIMENTAL APPROACHA human microvascular brain endothelial cell line expressing the human SSAO/VAP-1 (hCMEC/D3 hSSAO/VAP-1) was generated, as SSAO/VAP-1 expression is lost in cultured cells. To simulate ischemic damage, oxygen and glucose deprivation (OGD) and reoxygenation conditions were established in these cells. The protective role of DPH-4 was then evaluated in the presence of methylamine as an SSAO/VAP-1 substrate and/or β-amyloid (Aβ).KEY RESULTSUnder these conditions, DPH-4 was able to protect brain endothelial cells from OGD and reoxygenation-induced damage, as well as to decrease SSAO-dependent leukocyte adhesion. DPH-4 was also effective against the damage induced by OGD and reoxygenation in the presence of Aβ as a model of AD pathology.CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONSThese results allow us to conclude that the multitarget compound DPH-4 might provide a therapeutic benefit to delay the onset and/or progression of these two linked neurological pathologies	['SDG03']
82909811	Reorienting the Business School agenda: the case for relevance, rigor, and righteousness	This article contributes to the current debate regarding management education and research. It frames the current business school critique as a paradox regarding the arguments for ‘self-interest’ versus ‘altruism’ as human motives. Based on this, a typology of management with four representative types labeled: unguided, altruistic, egoistic, and righteous is developed. It is proposed that the path to the future of management education and research might be found by relegitimizing the ‘altruistic’ spirit of the classics of the great Axial Age (900-200 BCE) and marrying those ideas with the self-interest ideal of mainstream management theories based on economics. By advocating this, a business school agenda that is simultaneously rigorous, relevant, and righteous is promoted	['SDG04']
188345894	Accidents Have No Cure! Road Death as Industrial Catastrophe in Eastern Africa	This article offers an anthropological critique of the recent epidemiological turn in global road safety through ethnographic attention to the ways in which people in East Africa actually discuss fatal road traffic accidents. Through limiting case studies of professional drivers in Kenya and Tanzania, this article examines the conceptual ethics of continuing to draw upon the ‘accidental’ in explanations of road death and injury. Might the epidemiological turn eventually encourage new forms of tolerance to road deaths and injuries? In focusing on this question, it is argued that an approach more attentive to road fatalities as a diffuse, but routine industrial catastrophe more acutely exposes the politics of automobility and its uncertainties	['SDG03']
82909807	Activity-based scenarios for and approaches to ubiquitous e-Learning	This paper presents scenarios for ubiquitous e-Learning in heterogeneous networks. It concludes by arguing for the development of a learning-focused analogue, activity-based e-Learning extensions (ABLE), of activity-based computing (ABC). The goal would be to offer the learning-support/performance-support equivalent of ABC’s support for human activities in a ubiquitous computing environment, relevant to areas that are hard to model today: informal on-the-job learning; peer-to-peer support and informal sharing of content in ad hoc work groups; formal and informal ways to capture and share knowledge-focused insights and processes; content and systems to aid reflection. Just as ABC supplements traditional computing approaches (in ABC, data- and application-oriented) to suit ‘multiple, parallel and mobile work activities’ (Bardram et al. in Support for ABC in a personal computing operating system. CHI 2006 proceedings. Montréal, Québec, Canada, 22–27 April 2006, pp 211–220), so ABLE could supplement traditional e-learning approaches (often largely content-focused, sometimes little more than page-turning) to suit those same work activities, and make e-Learning potentially more resilient to interruptions, more fun and more memorable	['SDG04']
82921926	Safety assessment post-licensure	About the book:This publication covers all aspects of new vaccine development from the preclinical stage to licensing. It contains discussions about the preclinical testing which is necessary to obtain permission to test a new vaccine in clinical trials and to organize a clinical plan that will demonstrate the safety and efficacy of a new vaccine. In addition, some aspects of newer strategies, such as DNA immunization, are presented as well as a number of theoretical issues relating to vaccination, such as immunological correlates of protection, interference with immune responses, combination of vaccines, and the natural history of disease. Much attention is devoted to the proof of efficacy, a process which is both expensive and complicated. This volume is important reading for all scientists interested in vaccine development, especially those working in industry, government and public health authorities	['SDG03']
82975313	Fuel mix diversification incentives in liberalized electricity markets: a Mean–Variance Portfolio theory approach	Monte Carlo simulations of gas, coal and nuclear plant investment returns are used as inputs of a Mean– Variance Portfolio optimization to identify optimal base load generation portfolios for large electricity generators in liberalized electricity markets. We study the impact of fuel, electricity, and CO2 price risks and their degree of correlation on optimal plant portfolios. High degrees of correlation between gas and electricity prices – as observed in most European markets – reduce gas plant risks and make portfolios dominated by gas plant more attractive. Long-term power purchase contracts and/or a lower cost of capital can rebalance optimal portfolios towards more diversified portfolios with larger shares of nuclear and coal plants	['SDG07', 'SDG13']
82977688	Forests of the tropical eastern Andean flank during the middle pleistocene	Inter-bedded volcanic and organic sediments from Erazo (Ecuador) indicate the presence of four different forest assemblages on the eastern Andean flank during the middle Pleistocene. Radiometric dates (40Ar–39Ar) obtained fromthe volcanic ash indicate that deposition occurred between 620,000 and 192,000 years ago. Examination of the organic sediment composition and the fossil pollen, wood and charcoal it contains provides insight into depositional environment, vegetation assemblage and fire history. The high organic content and abundance of macro fossils found throughout the sediment suggest that during the period of deposition the local environment was either a swamp or a shallow water body. The correlation of fire activity (peaks in charcoal abundance) with volcanic ash deposits through most of the record suggests that volcanoes were the main source of ignition. The low abundance of grass (typically Alnus-Arecaceae, ii) Miconia-Melastomataceae/Combretaceae-Moraceae/Urticaceae, iii) Arecaceae-Alnus, and iv) Podocarpus with Oreopanax sp. and Melastomataceae/Combretaceae. Changes in the forest floristic composition indicate high vegetation turnover and reassortment of taxa between upper and lower montane forests during the middle Pleistocene as well as the persistence of forest cover	['SDG13', 'SDG15']
82977694	GCP18: New forms of assessment for social TEL environments	Our current model for the assessment of learning is primarily summative and individual, firmly bound to hierarchical education structures. This model was developed when knowledge was not abundantly available, when groups of learners were taught and examined at the same time in the same physical location, when teaches and learners were clearly differentiated and when online collaboration and publication were unknown. As new models of learning have been widely adopted, this model of assessment is no longer fit for purpose. A new model is required which takes into account the changes in learning and teaching that have taken place during the last decade	['SDG04']
82979403	Supporting informal design with interactive whiteboards	Whiteboards serve an important role in supporting informal design, providing a fluid and flexible medium for collaborative design. Interactive whiteboards offer the potential for enhanced support for manipulating content, managing sketches, and distributed work, but little is known about how this support affects the practice of informal design. To understand the opportunities and challenges, we first conducted a literature review, identifying 14 behaviors that occur during informal design. We then designed an interactive whiteboard system to support all of these behaviors and deployed the system to three groups of designers. Through usage logs and interviews, we examined the effects of interactivity on whiteboard use across a wide spectrum of design behaviors, identifying ways in which interactive whiteboards support the practices used in physical whiteboards and where they enable designers to work more effectively	['SDG09']
82979716	Surface functionalization of porous polypropylene membranes with polyaniline for protein immobilization	Commercial porous polypropylene membranes were chemically modified with polyaniline (PANI) using ammonium persulfate as the oxidizer. The influence of polymerization conditions on the membrane properties was studied by adsorption analysis and membrane permeability. The PANI-coated polypropylene (PANI/PP) membranes possessed high affinity toward the proteins, which can be immobilized onto the membrane surface through physical adsorption or covalent immobilization. The quantity of immobilized horseradish peroxidase (HRP) and its activity depended on the quantity and quality (oxidation level) of PANI. The storage conditions for PANI/PP membranes containing immobilized HRP were studied. HRP immobilized on the PANI/PP membrane was shown to retain 70% of its activity after 3-month storage at +5°C, suggesting that this material can be used for practical application, such as in bioreactors as enzyme membranes	['SDG09']
82909748	An efficient numerical terrestrial scheme (ENTS) for Earth system modelling	We present a minimal spatial model of vegetation carbon, soil carbon and soil water storage and the exchange of energy, water and carbon with the atmosphere. The efficient numerical terrestrial scheme (ENTS) is designed for long time period simulations and large ensemble studies in Earth system models of intermediate complexity (EMICs). ENTS includes new parameterisations of vegetation fractional cover and roughness length as functions of vegetation carbon, and a relationship between soil carbon storage and soil water holding capacity. We make and justify the approximation that when the solar forcing is a diurnal average, as in our EMIC, the land radiation balance equilibrates with the atmosphere within a few days. This allows us to solve directly for equilibrium land temperature, making ENTS very computationally efficient and avoiding problems of numerical instability that beset many land surface schemes. We tune the carbon cycle parameters towards observed values of global carbon storage in vegetation and soil and estimated global fluxes of net photosynthesis, vegetation respiration, leaf litt	['SDG13', 'SDG15', 'SDG06']
82910048	Piloting a new approach: Making use of new technology to present a distance lerning computer science course?	Computer-Mediated Communication (CMC) systems have been described and evaluated in a number of ways by different researchers in the field. This paper proposes that computer conferencing systems should be designed to encourage students to participate in three dimensions previously treated by separate researchers. These can be summarised as a knowledge dimension, a social dimension and a motivational dimension. This paper reports on how one particular conference, that of M205-STILE, was constructed to take account of these dimensions and to facilitate students' computer-supported co-operative learning	['SDG04']
82922393	Ethical and Philosophical Aspects of Nursing Children and Young People	Nurses and healthcare professionals are constantly faced with ethical and philosophical dilemmas when working with children in everyday practice. Ethical and Philosophical Aspects of Nursing Children and young people is a comprehensive text on the ethics and philosophy behind paediatric nursing, that reflects some of the contemporary issues encountered while working with children and young people. This important new book provides a philosophical and historical analysis of the subject, looking at a review of sociological and political theories concerning the nature of childhood, and providing a critical analysis of contemporary notions about childhood. It then goes on to look at moral theories and their application to paediatric nursing practice, ethical issues when caring for children of all ages, from infancy to adolescence. It looks at issues of disabled children, confidentiality, mental health issues, children’s rights, and pain management. With case studies and activities throughout, this book will enable students and newly qualified nurses both to understand philosophical concepts and issues but also to articulate their own reflections and observations on these subjects	['SDG03', 'SDG04']
187751196	Emerging Threats for the Human Element and Countermeasures in Current Cyber Security Landscape	The chapter presents an overview of emerging issues in the psychology of human behaviour and the evolving nature of cyber threats. It reflects on the role of social engineering as the entry point of many sophisticated attacks and highlights the relevance of the human element as the starting point of implementing cyber security programmes in organisations as well as securing individual online behaviour. Issues associated with the emerging trends in human behaviour research and ethics are presented for further discussion. The chapter concludes with a set of open research questions warranting immediate academic attention to avoid the exponential growth of information breaches in the future	['SDG16', 'SDG09']
82906531	E-learning initiatives in a distributed organisation: development and evaluation issues	This paper describes both the development of an on-line learning resource to provide those interested in systems thinking with a set of interactive tutorials for developing diagramming knowledge and skills and a framework for evaluating such initiatives. The package, developed using an industry-standard animation package, is based upon the diagramming techniques taught on Open University Systems courses and is publicly available on the web (see  http://systems.open.ac.uk   and follow the Resources and Diagramming Teaching links)	['SDG04']
82902944	Elastic strains around cracked cold-expanded fastener holes measured using the synchrotron X-ray diffraction technique	In this work, the capability of the synchrotron X-ray diffraction technique to measure changes in the residual strains caused by fatigue crack growth from cold-expanded holes in an aluminium alloy plate has been investigated. The measurement technique was validated by comparing the synchrotron measurements around uncracked holes with those obtained on similar specimens using the neutron diffraction and Sachs' techniques. Measurements were performed with and without superimposed tensile mechanical loading and the results compared with analytical results. The improved spatial resolution of the synchrotron technique relative to the other methods has allowed the strain fields around a fatigue crack growing from a cold-expanded hole to be evaluated in the unloaded state and at two loading levels. Only at the higher load does the crack appear to open along its full length	['SDG09']
82908230	Applying future studies methods to understanding the impact of University information and communication technology strategies on learning	This paper aims to explore the potential of certain Future Studies techniques to provide insight into the question of the impact of higher education Information and Communication Technology (ICT) strategies on student learning. The approach is to consider three case studies of new universities in different countries, and to identify the main features of their ICT strategies, related variables, key change drivers, and trends. Models representing ICT strategy and dimensions of student learning are then drawn together to product a number of possible scenarios and testable hypotheses. Recommendations for refining the analysis are highlighted	['SDG04']
82984107	ICT-Periodism' in the Classroom: Lessons Learnt from English in Action	This paper illustrates the factors affecting the use of ICT in the classroom in a large scale language development project in Bangladesh. The project, called English in Action (EIA) provides ICT materials along with print based materials for the teachers as well as face-to-face training to bring changes in primary and secondary classroom practices. On-going monitoring data showed that the use of audio materials increases as the intervention progresses through the year, however, the pattern changes when a decrease is observed during the third quarter. The study focused on the factors that have an influence on the use of audio in EIA classrooms during different quarters of the year and explored the underlying causes. The study adopted a mixed method approach and used classroom observations and semi-structured interviews with fifteen primary teachers to gather data. Findings showed that different nature and the pressure of the contents during different quarters of the year and the examination focused education system are the key factors that affect the use of ICT in English classes at the primary level. This raises the concern regarding ‘negative back-wash effect’ (Pan, 2009) of the exam system, which can stop effective pedagogical changes in the classroom from happening	['SDG04']
82907255	The role of water and oxygen impurities on ozone production in a negative corona discharge of CO2	The production of ozone in a negative corona discharge fed by carbon dioxide with embedded traces of oxygen and water has been studied. The presence of traces of oxygen in both pure and dry CO2 leads to an increase in nascent ozone concentrations. In contrast, traces of water vapour (0-800 ppm) are shown to rapidly suppress ozone concentrations with the largest decreases being observed at lowest gas pressures in the discharge (300 Torr). The presence of water vapour did not considerably affect the electrical properties of negative dc corona suggesting that a chemical process is responsible for the ozone loss. We have shown that the addition of water up to a concentration of 1500 ppm has only a marginal effect on the processes of ozone formation but the catalytic cycle of ozone destruction involving OH radicals can be the reason for observed decrease in the total ozone concentration with increasing water concentration	['SDG13']
82905210	What are subcutaneous adipocytes really good for…?	Our acute awareness of the cosmetic, psychosocial and sexual importance of subcutaneous adipose tissue contrasts dramatically with how poorly we have understood the biology of this massive, enigmatic, often ignored and much-abused skin compartment. Therefore, it is timely to recall the exciting, steadily growing, yet underappreciated body of evidence that subcutaneous adipocytes are so much more than just ‘fat guys’, hanging around passively to conspire, at most, against your desperate attempts to maintain ideal weight. Although the subcutis, quantitatively, tends to represent the dominant architectural component of human skin, conventional wisdom confines its biological key functions to those of energy storage, physical buffer, thermoregulation and thermoinsulation. However, already the distribution of human superficial adipose tissue, by itself, questions how justified the popular belief is that ‘skin fat’ (which actually may be more diverse than often assumed) serves primarily thermoinsulatory purposes. And although the metabolic complications of obesity are well appreciated, our understanding of how exactly subcutaneous adipocytes contribute to extracutaneous disease – and even influence important immune and brain functions! – is far from complete. The increasing insights recently won into subcutaneous adipose tissue as a cytokine depot that regulates innate immunity and cell growth exemplarily serve to illustrate the vast open research expanses that remain to be fully explored in the subcutis. The following public debate carries you from the evolutionary origins and the key functional purposes of adipose tissue, via adipose-derived stem cells and adipokines straight to the neuroendocrine, immunomodulatory and central nervous effects of signals that originate in the subcutis – perhaps, the most underestimated tissue of the human body. The editors are confident that, at the end, you shall agree: No basic scientist and no doctor with a serious interest in skin, and hardly anyone else in the life sciences, can afford to ignore the subcutaneous adipocyte – beyond its ample impact on beauty, benessence and body mass	['SDG03']
337616644	Analysis of the potential contribution of value-adding services (VAS) to the competitive logistics strategy of ports	This article examines the potential contribution of value-adding services (VAS) to port logistics strategy development in order to enhance competitiveness in the face of increasing competition between ports. On the basis of an empirical study taking the critical-realist approach of mixed methods' research and using data from multiple case-study ports in both developed and developing countries, the relevance and deployment of VAS are assessed with a view to facilitating port strategy decisions. This study addresses the paucity of VAS investigations in the maritime logistics literature and examines the potential contribution of VAS to port competitiveness from the perspective of port users. Results demonstrate that the most readily available and accessible VAS are transport services, followed by warehousing and water supplies. The article concludes that VAS have the potential to both attract port users and retain them	['SDG09']
82921486	What makes a good ontology? A case-study in fine-grained knowledge reuse	"Understanding which ontology characteristics can predict a ""good"" quality ontology, is a core and ongoing task in the Semantic Web. In this paper, we provide our findings on which structural ontology characteristics are usually observed in high-quality ontologies. We obtain these findings through a task-based evaluation, where the task is the assessment of the correctness of semantic relations. This task is of increasing importance for a set of novel Semantic Web tools, which perform fine-grained knowledge reuse (i.e., they reuse only appropriate parts of a given ontology instead of the entire ontology). We conclude that, while structural ontology characteristics do not provide statistically significant information to ensure that an ontology is reliable (""good""), in general, richly populated ontologies, with higher depth and breadth variance are more likely to provide reliable semantic content"	['SDG09']
82921904	Agents of change in corporate 'greening': six case studies in the UK water and electricity utilities	About the book:Debating the relationship between business and environment, and where this relationship is heading, this book gives voice to the industrial actors in context within industrial sectors or as part of wider institution regimes	['SDG12']
158350370	Political orientation of government and stock market returns	Prior research documented that the US stock prices tend to grow faster during the Democratic than the Republican administrations. This article examines whether stock returns in other countries also depend on the political orientation of the incumbents. An analysis of 24 stock markets and 173 different governments reveals that there are no statistically significant differences in returns between left-wing and right-wing executives. Consequently, international investment strategies based on the political orientation of countries’ leadership are likely to be futile	['SDG08']
82921867	Best practice benchmarking: a route to competiveness	This paper examines the use of best practice benchmarking as an approach to performance improvement in the airline industry. The case study draws upon phenomenological evidence from the aircraft maintenance section of Britannia Airways. A range of benchmarking issues, which could be applied to different divisions of an airline are highlighted. In particular, inter disciplinary team building, employee involvement, relationships with other industry players and identification of ‘best in class'. Airline alliances and the global trend towards economically deregulated air transport are identified as factors likely to increase the adoption of benchmarking as a route to competitiveness	['SDG08']
82907440	Citizenship between Past and Future	Citizenship Between Past and Future brings together some of the most prominent scholars in the field of citizenship studies to assess, critically and contextually, the ongoing significance of citizenship as an object of study. The authors reflect on the major issues and debates that have emerged in the field of citizenship studies over the last decade as well as to point out some of the new challenges ahead. The book recasts traditional thinking about citizenship beyond issues of legal status and investigates it rather as a strategic concept that is central in the analysis of identity, participation, human rights, and emerging forms of political life.Seeking to broaden the debate on the meaning, significance, and practices of citizenship, the authors engage with an impressive and challenging array of theoretical and substantive issues. Citizenship is investigated in terms of debates over inclusion and exclusion, statism and cosmopolitanism, status and rights, gender and race, and multiculturalism and global inequality. The book revitalizes the debate over a key political concept and offers new ways of thinking about citizenship that take into account contemporary challenges	['SDG10', 'SDG16']
82921802	Using open educational resources and Web 2.0 tools to support ethical reasoning in information and computer sciences project-based learning	This project investigated the use of Web 2.0 tools and Open Educational Resources (OER) to support students engaged in project-based learning in ICS. Capitalising on existing environments, tools and learning resources, the project explored the potential of these openly and freely accessible resources to facilitate a space where students can be encouraged to identify, engage with and discuss ethical issues that arise in their project work.  The project consisted of a small-scale investigation into students’ views of social networking as a class of tools potentially useful in a project-based course taught entirely at a distance, with a particular focus on the area of ethical reasoning. Ethics is an important part of the course and integral to its assessment, and the work carried out enabled an initial evaluation of the OER in the area of ethics in ICS (Ferreira & Monk, 2009) created with previous support from the HEA Network for ICS	['SDG04']
82921800	The distribution of time to extinction in subcritical branching processes: applications to outbreeaks of infectious diseases	We consider the distribution of the number of generations to extinction in subcritical branching processes, with particular emphasis on applications to the spread of infectious diseases. We derive the generation distributions for processes with Bernoulli, geometric and Poisson offspring, and discuss some of their distributional and inferential properties. We present applications to the spread of infection in highly vaccinated populations, outbreaks of enteric fever, and person-to-person transmission of human monkeypo	['SDG03']
82922023	Discourses of democracy in neighborhood governance	This article is concerned with neighborhood governance reflecting a policy agenda which identifies the 'neighborhood' as a significant space for democratic renewal. But how is democracy understood and practiced? Many neighborhood policy programs are sponsored by central or local government and public managers have an important role in translating policy into local practice. Using a critical discourse analytic framework we examine actual  examples of public managersâ€™ descriptions of their governance arrangements to elaborate their understandings and interpretations of democracy. Examples are taken from interviews in neighborhood renewal schemes in Birmingham and Copenhagen. Analysis suggests that in the cases examined here the democratic devices associated with different ideal-types of neighborhood governance presented both actual and potential dilemmas for public managers or became lost amongst other more immediate concerns for each project. This suggests that the democratic element of neighborhood governance may need even more clear conceptual work and more forceful advocacy	['SDG11', 'SDG16']
82981194	Experiences of accessing CCTV data: the urban topologies of subject access requests	In this paper, I argue that careful attention needs to be paid to the handling of urban CCTV digital data. Since the early 1990s, CCTV has left an indelible mark on UK cities, and beyond. CCTV is a crime-reduction strategy, and its activation owes much to the laws and regulations that govern its function and the passivity with which it is often viewed. I consider the nature of security when CCTV signs, recorded images and the rights of citizens are interlinked in controlled urban spaces. Despite the regulatory powers of the Data Protection Act, the management of CCTV data is at times poorly operationalised and often obfuscated. The paper discusses my experiences of identifying 17 different CCTV cameras and being recorded and my attempts to access my images through subject access requests (SARs). In what follows, I draw on different topologies of experience in expanding upon the mutable, unpredictable and intensive relations that guide the management of CCTV data	['SDG11', 'SDG16']
82921807	The graphics calculator as a teaching aid in statistics	This article explores some ideas for the imaginative useof a graphics calculator in introductory statisticsteaching	['SDG04']
224959269	Student data privacy in MOOCs: a sentiment analysis	Student data privacy as a research focus and practice is relatively under-researched in the context of massive open online courses (MOOCs). Central to researching student data privacy in the context of online service providers are the various user agreements that participants must accept or opt into before they can use a MOOC platform. Such documents form the basis for any recourse individuals might have if they have concerns about data privacy. Of specific interest in this research is the emotive use of language used in these documents. Research in other genres suggest that emotive language can be intentionally used to facilitate buy-in or to soften the implications of the agreement between user and provider. This article shares our findings of a sentiment analysis of the terms and conditions and privacy statements of three major MOOC providers	['SDG04']
153444181	Why nutritional psychiatry is the future of mental health treatment	A lack of essential nutrients is known to contribute to the onset of poor mental health in people suffering from anxiety and depression, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia and ADHD. Nutritional psychiatry is a growing discipline that focuses on the use of food and supplements to provide these essential nutrients as part of an integrated or alternative treatment for mental health disorders	['SDG03']
82908266	Practical applications of the principles and practices of palliative care to the residential sector	About the book: In our society, the overwhelming majority of people die in later life. They typically die slowly of chronic illness, with multiple co-existing problems over long periods of time. They spend the majority of their final years at home, but many will die in hospitals or care homes. This book explores the possibilities for improving the care of older people dying in residential care and nursing homes. It argues that there are aspects of palliative care that, given the right circumstances, are transferable to dying people in settings that are not domestic or hospice based. End of Life in Care Homes describes what happens in nursing and resiential care homes when a resident is dying, how carers cope, and the practical, health and emotional challenges that carers face on top of thier day-to-day work. Based on detailed research from both the UK and US, the book shows how the situation can be improved. care home staff of all levels as well as palliative care practitioners, general practitioners, Macmillan nurses and other health care professionals who come into contact with dying residents will find this book of great value. Geriatricians, policy makers and administrators of residential care and nursing homes should also find it a useful resource	['SDG03']
481416521	Spelling development in young children: A case of representational redescription?	Two experiments explored children's spelling development in the context of the representational-redescription (RR) model (A. Karmiloff-Smith, 1992). Fifty-one 5- to 7-year-old children (Experiment 1) and 44 5- to 6-year-old children (Experiment 2) were assessed, using spelling production and recognition tasks, for phonological to morphological spelling development and representational levels derived from the RR model, respectively. Children were allocated to 1 of the stages for spelling production from T. Nunes, M. Bindman, and P. Bryant (1997) and to 1 of the representational levels derived from the RR model for spelling recognition and accompanying verbal justifications indicating their knowledge and understanding of spelling. These results are discussed in terms of how the RR model accounts for the hitherto unexplained cognitive mechanisms that underlie spelling development and the notion of multirepresentation in spelling	['SDG04']
188345769	How HE educators learn to teach Massive Open Online Courses. A case study	People working within HE institutions need to learn new forms of teaching and learning practice, to transform the ways they work. This study explores the types of knowledge gained by those working in HE when they teach massive open online courses (MOOCs). Data were gathered through a case study involving interviews with six people with teaching roles on one MOOC. Data analysis used Tynjälä’s model of integrative pedagogy to identify the different types of theoretical, practical, sociocultural and self-regulative knowledge needed in order to teach in a MOOC. The analysis shows that individuals did not engage in formal training (theoretical knowledge); they learned by experience; by (re-)running the MOOC and from learners’ feedback (practical knowledge). They also reflected on their learning experience, on their contact with different cultures, on engaging with ideas from other MOOCs and people (self-regulative knowledge). They worked collaboratively, sharing expertise, but sometimes found communication with colleagues was difficult (sociocultural knowledge). When they faced challenges they integrated theoretical, practical and self-regulative knowledge to solve problems (mediating processes)	['SDG04']
82977207	Investigating benefits from the implementation of environmental management systems in a Greek university	Higher Education Institutions (HEIs) can contribute significantly to the achievement of environmental sustainability through teaching and research activities, and also through improvements in the environmental management of University estates. This article explores the results of implementing Environmental Management Systems (EMSs) in a HEI in Greece. Specifically, the results of two surveys, focusing on students’ perceptions in the University of the Aegean, are presented and analysed. The surveys were conducted prior and after the implementation of an EMS in the University. The survey results demonstrate several positive consequences from the implementation of EMS across the University campus. In particular, there is a positive influence on students’ environmental awareness and behaviour, accompanied by greater preference among them for more participatory environmental management initiatives	['SDG12', 'SDG13', 'SDG04']
82909574	Circumcision in young boys: A legal commentary	It has long been recognized that non-therapeutic surgical operations upon the genitals of a female are unlawful. Indeed the Female Circumcision Act 1985 stated this and the Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 repealed this earlier Act, clarifying the law regarding non-therapeutic surgery upon the genitals of a female. The law is now clear; regardless of what the procedure is called	['SDG16']
82977163	Impact of earthquakes on agriculture during the Roman–Byzantine period from pollen records of the Dead Sea laminated sediment	The Dead Sea region holds the archives of a complex relationship between an ever-changing nature and ancient civilisations. Regional pollen diagrams show a Roman–Byzantine period standing out in the recent millennia by its wetter climate that allowed intensive arboriculture. During that period, the Dead Sea formed laminites that display mostly a seasonal character. A multidisciplinary study focused on two earthquakes, 31 BC and AD 363, recorded as seismites in the Ze’elim gully A unit III which has been well dated by radiocarbon in a previous study. The sampling of the sediment was done at an annual resolution starting from a few years before and finishing a decade after each earthquake. A clear drop in agricultural indicators (especially Olea and cereals) is shown. These pollen indicators mostly reflect human activities in the Judean Hills and coastal oases. Agriculture was disturbed in large part of the rift valley where earthquake damage affected irrigation and access to the fields. It took 4 to 5 yr to resume agriculture to previous conditions. Earthquakes must be seen as contributors to factors damaging societies. If combined with other factors such as climatic aridification, disease epidemics and political upheaval, they may lead to civilisation collapse	['SDG02', 'SDG11']
82977228	Social capital and environmental policies in Greece	To plan environmental policies it is important to identify factors influencing their effective implementation. Regarding Greek environmental policy, several factors have been underlined in the literature influencing its implementation. These include, among others, the structure of state mechanisms, the existence of clientelistic networks, the weak civil society and specific characteristics of political culture (Bromley, 1997; Lekakis, 1995; Spanou, 1998). In the recent literature the social capital of a community has also been recognized as having a significant influence during the implementation of all stages of environmental policy (Jones, Sophoulis, Iosifides, Botetzagias, & Evangelinos 2009)	['SDG13', 'SDG17']
82922021	Aspects of Teaching Secondary Music: Perspectives on Practice	Aspects of Teaching Secondary Musicprovides a practical illustration of the skills, knowledge and understanding required to teach music in the secondary classroom. Musical concepts and ideas are discussed and a critical examination of key issues is given. This encourages the reader to engage with these thoughts and consider their views and beliefs in terms of how they will influence their potential to teach music in an inspired and effective manner. Gary Spruce draws on his long experience as a practitioner for the good of this book, with can be used along side the reader:Teaching Music in the Secondary Schoolto form a comprehensive resource for those studying for the PGCE. These combinations of practical and theoretical books are available in a range of subjects to accommodate all on the course	['SDG04']
82911682	Community story exchange	Storytelling is a method by which members of a community communicate, learn and build identity. Here we describe community story exchange (CSE), a generic storytelling environment customised for two quite different communities. One is a special interest community of adults engaged in heritage. The other is a virtual community of two schools. In trails, CSE was successfully used by both communities and further extensions were suggested including an extended range of collaboration models and the incorporation of synchronous events	['SDG11', 'SDG04']
82982700	Exploring attitudes and practices of General Practice staff towards offers of opportunistic screening for chlamydia: a UK survey	This study applied a theory-based questionnaire to examine the behaviours and beliefs of all practice staff who may be involved in offering chlamydia screens to young people aged 15-25 years old. We aimed to identify potential influencing factors and examine the organisational constraints, which may be amenable to change. The National Chlamydia Screening Programme offers opportunistic screening to men and women between 15 and 25 years old who have ever had sexual intercourse and primary care is the second largest source of screens. In England 15.9 of the target group were screened against a target of 17 in 2008. Interventions to improve the frequency of offers have shown effects with volunteer practices. A survey of 85 General Practices was completed by 55 doctors, nurses and receptionists. Interviews were conducted with 12 staff from three practices. Respondents were unable to identify the national screening target. Only half record if a patient is sexually active. Half the sample had some recollection of the frequency of offers they made, with a mean of 4 per month. These were predominantly in consultations concerning sexual health. Perceived social norms are favourable to screening and respondents have strong perceived control over offering screens, including to those under 16 who are sexually active. Attitudes towards screening were positive but disadvantages and barriers related to increased pressure on practice resources for longer consultations and contact tracing. There were no differences in beliefs and practice behaviours between medical and nursing staff. Future interventions should be targeted at increasing the range of consultations in which offers are made, demonstrating how to make offers without increasing consultation time, providing more complete records of sexual activity, screens and results, and encouraging audit and review within the practice to promote practice wide approaches to increasing opportunistic screening	['SDG05', 'SDG03']
323304987	Towards co-operative working in alternative education	When I first sat down to write this article a few weeks ago, I was conscious of the ways in which my ‘voice’ might be situated amidst those of existing home educators and parents who have had no choice but to facilitate their children’s education at home. When a community resource emerges organically, as Learning in the Time of Corona has, there can sometimes be a disconnect between the intended purpose and the ways in which it might be populated in practice. I am acutely aware of the historical struggles that alternative educators have and continue to face in receiving mutual recognition and wider acceptance for the practice of enacting education differently, and sometimes without conventional schooling	['SDG04']
82913668	The Barrow-in-Furness legionnaires' outbreak: qualitative study of the hospital response and the role of the major incident plan	Objective: To document the organisational response of Furness General Hospital to the large outbreak of legionnaire’s disease in April 2002 and assess the contribution made by the hospital’s major incident plan.Method: Qualitative analysis of interview transcripts and written comments from some staff involved in the management of the incident. Documentary analysis of major incident plan and other written materials.Results: The incident posed considerable managerial and clinical problems and this paper describes how they were overcome. In particular, strategies for dealing with supply (of staff, beds, and resources) and managing demand (by liaising with primary care and the public) seem to have been successful. Many functions necessary for managing the incident were poorly dealt with in the plan, especially procedures for handling the news media and liaison with agencies outside the hospital. Lack of explicit guidance appeared not to hinder the organisational response. There may have been an unspoken high level decision to allow staff to draw on their skills and experience in improvising a response to the initial challenge and learning adaptively as the incident unfolded. There was also evidence that staff disregarded existing job and role boundaries and focused instead on tasks, working flexibly to ensure that these tasks were completed.Conclusions: Protracted major incidents pose particular management challenges and may benefit from an approach different from that set out in typical major incident plans. Staff must be able to act flexibly and responsively. Some form of checklist or toolkit may be preferable to a detailed plan for some types of incident	['SDG03']
593670281	New Information Technology in Education	First published in 1983, New Information Technology in Education surveyed developments in the field of information technology and demonstrated how it could be used to improve the quality of education. The book considered the experience of a wide range of countries, including the United States, Japan and those in Europe. While explaining the potential improvements that the new technology could bring, this book also reviewed the problem areas and helped educationalists to evaluate the relevance of the new technology for their own work. In an age of teaching via Zoom videos, it is interesting to take a look at a time when information technology in education was at its nascent stage. This book will be of interest to teachers and students of history, education, technology and pedagogy	['SDG04']
82901052	You Can Teach Anything!	The paper proposes some simple and practical mechanisms for training people to use computer systems. It was prepared alongside a practical session given at AUA conferences and at the University of Hull as part of a staff training initiative there	['SDG04']
82982690	An exploration of the psychological factors affecting remote e-worker's job effectiveness, well-being and work-life balance	Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to explore the impact of remote e-working on the key research areas of work-life balance, job effectiveness and well-being. The study provides a set of generalisable themes drawn from the key research areas, including building trust, management style and the quality of work and non-working life. Design/methodology/approach: The paper is an exploratory study into the psychological factors affecting remote e-workers using qualitative thematic analysis of eleven in-depth interviews with e-workers, across five organisations and three sectors. All participants worked remotely using technology independent of time and location for several years and considered themselves to be experts. Findings: The paper provides insights into the diverse factors affecting remote e-workers and produces ten emerging themes. Differentiating factors between e-workers included access to technology, ability to work flexibly and individual competencies. Adverse impacts were found on well-being, due to over-working and a lack of time for recuperation. Trust and management style were found to be key influences on e-worker effectiveness. Research limitations/implications: Because of the exploratory nature of the research and approach the research requires further testing for generalisability. The emerging themes could be used to develop a wide-scale survey of e-workers, whereby the themes would be further validated. Practical implications: Practical working examples are provided by the e-workers and those who also manage e-workers based on the ten emerging themes. Originality/value: This paper identifies a number of generalisable themes that can be used to inform the psychological factors affecting remote e-worker effectiveness	['SDG03', 'SDG08']
82924010	Implicit personal contracts and actor-group consensus in CRM implementations – evidence for their role in influencing success	Customer Relationship Management (CRM) systems have been seen to offer significant advantages to organisations seeking a more professional approach to the acquisition and retention of customers. The majority of early implementations have been reported as failures. There is substantial evidence to suggest that the high failure rate reflects excessive reliance on technology alone to improve performance and that insufficient attention has been paid to organisational and behaviour-related issues. This paper considers evidence from two longitudinal case studies in medium-sized companies that operate in the business-to-business sector. The first investigates the operational risks to CRM implementations and subsequently a three-dimensional model is developed to illustrate how the cognitive schemas and values of the actors in the implementation process may influence the emergence of risks to the implementation and subsequent business performance. The second case study is based on video recordings from the implementation process to study the behaviours of the actors and validate the model. Evidence emerges that although project management and resource allocation was poor the implementation was, nonetheless, considered successful. The paradox of success despite functional inadequacy is explored further to reveal evidence of shared motivation to make the project successful and flexibility in the relationships between the main groups of actors. Analysis of the data reveals implicit contracts between the main groups of actors within the consensus of a will to succeed. These behaviours are described as ‘actor-set consensus’ and ‘flexible contracting’, which are combined as constructs with the three-dimensional model of cognitive schemas and presented as a systems implementation meso-theory. The theory is seen to sit between generalised multiple factor theories of systems implementation and micro-level single factor research and to offer constructs that mediate between the two polarised approaches. The work is seen to have practical application through the provision of insights for the development of management tools for encouraging actor-set consensus and flexible contracting. Elements of flexible contracting are explored with this objective in mind	['SDG08', 'SDG09']
84152852	Socio-Economic Status, Social Class and Memory Performance: A Critical Response to Herrmann and Guadagno (1997)	Herrmann and Guadagno (1997) reviewed evidence concerning the relationship between memory performance and socio-economic status (SES). As a measure of social stratification, SES is narrow and ethnocentric, and it ignores the role of social prestige, power and status. The selection of research for quantitative analysis and the measure of effect size used by Herrmann and Guadagno are criticized. Across the available corpus of studies, there is a highly significant relationship between SES and memory performance, but this varies systematically from one task to another and between different research studies using the same task. This indicates that the effects of SES on memory are mediated by the content and the context of learning. Â© 1998 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd	['SDG10', 'SDG04']
82909385	Diversity and the academy	This essay comes from pondering the relationship, queried in the Call for this Special Issue, between the 'language of diversity' and the 'embracing of different forms of knowledge and ways of knowing' in the university. The issue of diversity is usually a sociological rather than an epistemological one - the access to and inclusion in higher education of individuals from under-represented groups, groups defined by previous education qualifications, class, ethnicity or gender. But the presumption of access courses, at least, is that such personal diversity, once (hopefully) welcomed into the university, is then normalised (inter alia, Lillis & Turner, 2001). So the Call, by linking the two, raises two questions explored here - should the university be a place of heterodoxies rather than orthodoxy: should it embrace different ways of knowing? And, what should be done with personal, diverse and potentially troublesome ways of knowing?	['SDG10', 'SDG04']
82904022	Children's behaviour and cognitions across different balance tasks	Children’s understanding of the way objects balance has provided important insights about cognitive development (e.g. Siegler, 1976; Karmiloff-Smith, 1992).  We investigated the performance of 86 children aged between 5 and 7 years to see whether their cognitions about balance were consistent across different types of balance task.  The children did not utilise the same cognitive processes across different tasks, instead performance appeared to be influenced by perceptual characteristics and task demands.  The findings emphasise that children’s ability to access their knowledge varies with task demands and that theories about cognitive development need to take greater account of this variation	['SDG04']
82901194	Theory and reality of democracy: a case study in Iraq	This is a study of conceptualizations and applications of the idea of democracy in international and transnational politics (outside the confines of constituted political states, or outside a broadly understood domestic political sphere), which uses a politically realist methodology. This study provides a critical survey of current conceptual positions assumed in this area, and tests these against specific real world events, using the invasion and occupation of Iraq by a US-UK led coalition as a case study	['SDG16']
82906079	Juridifications and religion in early modern Europe: The challenge of a contextual history of law	To end Europe's great cycle of religious wars, some early modern states imposed a secular 'rule of law' in spheres of life previously governed by religion. The following essay compares two instances of this basic fact of seventeenth-century European political history, one German and the other English. In these different religious and political settings, different juridifications were undertaken that do not reduce to manifestations of a single underlying process of social change. Considered in a legal-historical light, early modern juridifications therefore invite a clear disciplinary alternative to the socio-theoretical and socio-critical perspective on juridification associated with Jürgen Habermas. The larger challenge on behalf of legal history is to end the subordination of historical method to critical social theory	['SDG16']
82909315	Life in the Atacama: Searching for life with rovers (science overview)	The Life in the Atacama project investigated the regional distribution of life and habitats in the Atacama Desert of Chile. We sought to create biogeologic maps through survey traverses across the desert using a rover carrying biologic and geologic instruments. Elements of our science approach were to: Perform ecological transects from the relatively wet coastal range to the arid core of the desert; use converging evidence from science instruments to reach conclusions about microbial abundance; and develop and test exploration strategies adapted to the search of scattered surface and shallow subsurface microbial oases. Understanding the ability of science teams to detect and characterize microbial life signatures remotely using a rover became central to the project. Traverses were accomplished using an autonomous rover in a method that is technologically relevant to Mars exploration. We present an overview of the results of the 2003, 2004, and 2005 field investigations. They include: The confirmed identification of microbial habitats in daylight by detecting fluorescence signals from chlorophyll and dye probes; the characterization of geology by imaging and spectral measurement; the mapping of life along transects; the characterization of environmental conditions; the development of mapping techniques including homogeneous biological scoring and predictive models of habitat location; the development of exploration strategies adapted to the search for life with an autonomous rover capable of up to 10 km of daily traverse; and the autonomous detection of life by the rover as it interprets observations on-the-fly and decides which targets to pursue with further analysis	['SDG15', 'SDG13', 'SDG09']
82974856	Enterprise resource planning and the post bureaucratic organization: ‘formalization’ as trust in the system versus ‘solidarity’ as trust in individuals	Purpose – The purpose of the paper is to use a case study setting involving the implementation of an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system to expose and analyze the conflicts in the characterizations of the post bureaucratic organisation (PBO) in the literature. ERP implementations are often accompanied by increasing levels of stress in organizations that place pressures on organizational relationships and structures. Additionally, ERPs are regarded as introducing their own techno-logic of centralization, standardization and formalization that provides an apparent contrast to the exhortations about employee empowerment. Design/methodology/approach – A case study of ERP implementation in a medium-sized entity is presented. The paper explores aspects of ERP and PBO from the context of postmodern organization theory. Findings – Some concerns about PBO identified in the literature are reflected in the case situation. For example, there is a commitment to give up private time and work flexibly by some employees. The paper also provides evidence of the way the management team substitute their reliance on a key individual knowledge worker for that of an ERP system and external vendor support. Paradoxically, trust in that same knowledge worker and between core users of the system is essential to enable the implementation of the system. Originality/value – This paper adds empirical insight to a predominantly theoretical literature. The case evidence indicates some conflicting implications in the concurrent adoption of PBO and ERP	['SDG09', 'SDG08']
82904009	MULPEX: A compact multi-layered polymer foil collector for micrometeoroids and orbital debris	Detailed studies of preserved hypervelocity impact residues on spacecraft multi-layer insulation foils have yielded important information about the flux of small particles from different sources in low-Earth orbit (LEO). We have extended our earlier research on impacts occurring in LEO to design and testing of a compact capture device. MUlti-Layer Polymer EXperiment (MULPEX) is simple, cheap to build, lightweight, of no power demand, easy to deploy, and optimised for the efficient collection of impact residue for analysis on return to Earth. The capture medium is a stack of very thin (8 and 40 mu m) polyimide foils, supported on polytetrafluoroethylene sheet frames, surrounded by a protective aluminium casing. The uppermost foil has a very thin metallic coating for thermal protection and resistance to atomic oxygen and ultra-violet exposure. The casing provides a simple detachable interface for deployment on the spacecraft, facing into the desired direction for particle collection. On return to the laboratory, the stacked foils are separated for examination in a variable pressure scanning electron microscope, without need for surface coating. Analysis of impact residue is performed using energy dispersive X-ray spectrometers. Our laboratory experiments, utilising buck-shot firings of analogues to micrometeoroids (35-38 mu m olivine) and space debris (4 mu m alumina and 1 mm stainless steel) in a light gas gun, have shown that impact residue is abundant within the foil layers, and preserves a record of the impacting particle, whether of micrometer or millimetre dimensions. Penetrations of the top foil are easily recognised, and act as a proxy for dimensions of the penetrating particle. Impact may cause disruption and melting, but some residue retains sufficient crystallographic structure to show clear Raman lines, diagnostic of the original mineral. (c) 2005 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of COSPAR	['SDG13', 'SDG09']
571215498	Teaching the United Nations, gender and critical pedagogy	Do the critical pedagogic approaches adopted by teachers fully succeed in deconstructing the UN?s institutionalised power relations? Applying an intersectional feminist lens to the analysis of curriculum design, this essay examines how two undergraduate modules taught at British universities between 2013 and 2016 are structured according to a repressive 'neo-liberal gender logic', and considers the implications this has for how gendered war and peace are conceptualised; and how male and female students are socialised as future employees of institutions	['SDG16', 'SDG04', 'SDG05']
483702824	Amplifying teachers intelligence in the design of gamified intelligent tutoring systems	Researchers are increasingly interested in using gamification along with Intelligent Tutoring Systems (ITS) to motivate action, promote learning, facilitate problem-solving, and to drive desired learning behaviors. In fact, although the desire of teachers to be active users of gamified ITS, these systems are not personalized according to teachers’ preferences. Several research problems might arise when trying to empower teachers in the design of gamified ITS, for instance, the high complexity and variability of features to manage, the need to consider theories and design practices, and the need of providing simple and usable solutions for them. In this work, we propose a gamified ITS authoring tool that supports authoring (fully or partially) of the domain, gamification and pedagogical models of gamified ITS by teachers. We investigate how different versions of the tool are perceived by users assuming the role of teachers. Our results indicate a positive attitude towards the use of the authoring tool, in which participants agreed that they are easy to use, usable, simple, aesthetically appealing, have a well-perceived system support and high credibility	['SDG04', 'SDG09']
82908135	Materialities, spatialities, globalities	About the book:We are now living through a period of knowledge capitalism in which, as Castells put it, 'the action of knowledge upon knowledge is the main source of productivity.' In the face of such transformation, the economic, social and institutional contours of contemporary capitalism are being reshaped. At the heart of this world are an emergent set of economies, regions, institutions and peoples central of the flows and translations of knowledge. This book provides an interdisciplinary review of the triad of knowledge, space, economy on entering the twenty-first century. Drawing on a variety of disciplinary backgrounds, the first part of the book comprises a set of statements by leading authors on the role of knowledge in capitalism. Thereafter, the remaining two parts of the book explore the landscape of knowledge capitalism through a series of analyses of knowledge in action within a range of economic, political and cultural contexts. Bringing together a set of authors from across the social sciences, this book provides both a major theoretical statement on understanding the economic world and an empirical exemplification of the power of knowledge in shaping the spaces and places of today's society	['SDG04', 'SDG09']
82976834	Distance learners' use of non-institutional social media to  augment and enhance their learning experience	This paper reports on initial data elicited from two related studies which draw on the learner voice in relation to experiences of distance learners in their use of social media in higher education contexts across four universities. Data from these studies suggest that the wide availability, accessibility and affordances of social media create alternative learning options for some distance  learners. The studies reported here draw upon affordance theory and identify that some distant learners are actively and deliberately using popular, non-institutional social media tools to augment and extend their learning experiences. This brief paper discusses emerging findings and the possible implications of these findings for the sector	['SDG04']
82976863	Authentic learning experiences: complementary organizational strategy for academic professional development	There are numerous websites and considerable literature which describe approaches to learning and teaching using a range of technologies in higher education contexts for academic staff. Further, that as academic staff development is increasingly recognized as having an essential role to play in the recasting of ways in which teachers work with students and how students best learn, that this is an area ripe for new consideration. It is the author's contention here, that embracing the role of student, as a lived experience, can assist academic developers in reconsidering and renewing their conceptions of learning and teaching. This could go in some part in informing the practice and processes of academic staff developers in understanding, promoting and supporting flexible learning modes	['SDG04']
82921144	Terror, globalization and the individual in Salman Rushdie's Shalimar the Clown	This article reads Rushdie’s 2005 novel  Shalimar the Clown as an example of how the contemporary postcolonial novel debates terrorism, the neo-imperialist strategies of post-war US foreign policy and the Indian state’s military presence in Kashmir.  Shalimar the Clown extends his arguments about cultural and economic globalization, resurgent separatist and terrorist movements and its impact on individuals from  The Ground Beneath her Feet (1999) and  Fury (2001). Like his previous novels,  Shalimar the Clown cuts across different time periods and territories, challenging the legacies of empire, nationhood and emergent new empires. Yet the novel’s focus on Kashmir and international terrorism reframes Rushdie’s earlier arguments.  Shalimar the Clown engages with the repressions and exclusions that the postcolonial state imposes on its periphery, exemplified in the continuing struggle between India and Pakistan over Kashmir. By discussing “terror” and “terrorism” and how Rushdie subverts these terms in relation to identity, violence and the effects on the individual, this article argues that  Shalimar the Clown reroutes postcolonial paradigms by examining transnational terror networks, and their regional and international impact on politics, cultures and identities. periphery, exemplified in the continuing struggle between India and Pakistan over Kashmir. By discussing “terror” and “terrorism” and how Rushdie subverts these terms in relation to identity, violence and the effects on the individual, this article argues that Shalimar the Clown reroutes postcolonial paradigms by examining transnational terror networks, and their regional and international impact on politics, cultures and identities	['SDG16']
169435223	Calcium channel autoantibodies in the lambert‐eaton myasthenic syndrome	We have tested 36 patients with the Lambert‐Eaton myasthenic syndrome for serum antibodies to voltage‐gated calcium channels by using an immunoprecipitation assay with [125I] ω‐conotoxin–labeled voltage‐gated calcium channels extracted from a human neuroblastoma cell line, SKN‐SH. Forty‐four percent of these patients had significant levels of antibody (30–1,466 pM) compared with healthy control individuals (< 15 pM). The incidence of positive sera in patients without associated small cell lung carcinoma (61%) was greater than in those patients with small cell lung carcinoma (28%). Results correlated strongly with results obtained using voltage‐gated calcium channels extracted from the small cell lung carcinoma line, MAR5. Anti–voltage‐gated calcium channel antibody titers did not correlate with disease severity across individuals, but longitudinal studies in 2 patients receiving immunosuppressive therapy showed a clear inverse relation between antibody titer and an electromyographic index of disease severity. The incidence of positive sera among patients with other neurological disorders was not significant, but 8 of 12 patients with rheumatoid arthritis or systemic lupus erythematosus had raised titers (30–82 pM). We conclude that the antibodies detected in this assay are heterogeneous and that some of them are likely to be implicated in this disorder of neuromuscular transmission. The assay should prove useful as an additional diagnostic aid in patients with Lambert‐Eaton myasthenic syndrome	['SDG03']
82906780	Measurement of sea-ice draft using upward-looking ADCP on an autonomous underwater vehicle	During March 2003, Autosub, an autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV) operated by the UK National Oceanography Centre, Southampton, was deployed under sea ice north of Thurston Island, Amundsen Sea, Antarctica (at 71°S, 100°W). The vehicle was fitted with an upward-looking 300 kHz acoustic Doppler current profiler (ADCP) to provide current velocity above the AUV. The ADCP also recorded ranges to the ocean–ice interface. Such data can be used to derive sea-ice draft by using a number of novel processing steps such as correcting for the coordinate systems of the ADCP unit and the vehicle as well as corrections for changes in sound speed. This paper outlines the processing stages required to obtain a probability density function (PDF) of sea-ice draft and presents PDFs for the region north of Thurston Island. The distribution of ice draft was found to be unimodal, with modes between 2.2 and 2.4 m. Given the uncertainty in sound speed, the limit of accuracy was estimated as ~6 cm	['SDG13', 'SDG14']
82906048	Racialising emotional labour and emotionalising racialised labour: anger, fear and shame in social welfare	This paper brings together the empirical work of Yasmin Gunaratnam with hospice social workers and that of Gail Lewis with local authority social workers. It uses a conceptually expanded notion of 'emotional labour' to explore and theorise links between different forms of emotion management and racialised subject positions and practices in social care for both those categorised as 'ethnic minorities' and as 'white'. The analytic framework draws upon the political scholarship of Audre Lorde and Thandeka and the psychoanalytic work of Melanie Klein to explore talk about the production of anger, fear and shame. A common focus in the writing of these different authors is the self/other relation and the attention given to personal, interpersonal, inter-group and intra-group dynamics. The paper argues that the irrational and unconscious aspects of racial dynamics cannot simply be countered by appeals to the rational. There is a need to recognise and integrate rather than 'split' positive and negative emotions about the self and 'others'. Such integration is seen as a source of internal strength and psychic health making for the possibility of caring and constructive relationships in social care organisations through which the complexities of difference can be recognised and valued	['SDG10', 'SDG16']
83955614	Performance in free recall following rupture and repair of intracranial aneurysm	There have been many reports of global memory disorder following rupture and repair of intracranial aneurysms. These reports suggest a more anterior basis for the amnesic syndrome than the various sites in the diencephalon and the temporal lobe that have so far been implicated. Patients from a consecutive series of 76 cases of aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage demonstrated a moderate deficit in free recall, but aneurysms at different sites within the cerebrovascular system did not produce significantly different degrees of impairment. The results are consistent with the idea that aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage gives rise to diffuse cerebral damage, and do not necessitate any revision of conventionally accepted accounts of the neuropathology of amnesic conditions	['SDG03']
82905666	Pulling together, pulling apart: the family lives of young people aged 16-18	In this study ‘ordinary’ young people (aged between 16 and 18) and their parents talk about their lives on their own terms. In-depth interviews explore issues of independence and relatedness, understandings of parental support and the meaning of ‘family’. They reveal how independence may mean different things to parents and young people; how parental control and authority can conflict with young people’s growing independence; and how there can be a very delicate balance between openness, guidance, secrecy and surveillance. In contrast to the problem-centred approach of much previous research, the study found that the vast majority of the sample described their family relationships in positive terms. Parents described how relationships with their children improved over the teenage years, becoming more based on companionship; young people emphasised personal responsibility and individual accountability. The researchers conclude that policies should build constructively on parental concerns to guide and advise their children, while being ready to rectify inequalities and fill absences around this vital resource for young people	['SDG10', 'SDG04']
159107999	A Study of Non-Urgent Demand to Identify Opportunities for Demand Reduction	Police forces often struggle to meet all demands placed upon them because of budgetary and other resource constraints. UK police forces are now embarking on a series of initiatives to find ways of managing demand so that there is a closer match between the resource requirements and those available. This article presents an in-depth analysis of a sample of demand and response to non-urgent incidents from one UK police region, so that there is a better understanding of how demand can be either reduced or more efficiently met. The concept of ‘failure demand’ is introduced as a means of identifying ways to reduce resource consumption	['SDG16']
82906710	Ameliorative missing value imputation for robust biological knowledge inference	Gene expression data is widely used in various post genomic analyses. The data is often probed using microarrays due to their ability to simultaneously measure the expressions of thousands of genes. The expression data, however, contains significant numbers of missing values, which can impact on subsequent biological analysis. To minimize the impact of these missing values, several imputation algorithms including Collateral Missing Value Estimation (CMVE), Bayesian Principal Component Analysis (BPCA), Least Square Impute (LSImpute), Local Least Square Impute (LLSImpute), and K-Nearest Neighbour (KNN) have been proposed. These algorithms, however, exploit either only the global or local correlation structure of the data, which normally can lead to higher estimation errors. This paper presents an Ameliorative Missing Value Imputation (AMVI) technique which has ability to exploit global/local and positive/negative correlations in a given dataset by automatic selection of the optimal number of predictor genes k using a wrapper non-parametric method based on Monte Carlo simulations. The AMVI technique has CMVE strategy at its core because CMVE has demonstrated improved performance compared to both low variance methods like BPCA, LLSImpute, and high variance methods such as KNN and ZeroImpute, as CMVE exploits positive/negative correlations. The performance of AMVI is compared with CMVE, BPCA, LLSImpute, and KNN by randomly removing between 1% and 15% missing values in eight different ovarian, breast cancer and yeast datasets. Together with the standard NRMS error metric, the True Positive (TP) rate of the significant genes selection, biological significance of the selected genes and the statistical significance test results are presented to investigate the impact of missing values on subsequent biological analysis. The enhanced performance of AMVI was demonstrated by its lower NRMS error, improved TP rate, bio significance of the selected genes and statistical significance test results, when compared with the aforementioned imputation methods across all the datasets. The results show that AMVI adapted to the latent correlation structure of the data and proved to be an effective and robust approach compared with the trial and error methodology for selecting k. The results confirmed that AMVI can be successfully applied to accurately impute missing values prior to any microarray data analysis	['SDG03']
83955687	Memory and intelligence following spontaneously arrested congenital hydrocephalus	This study describes two cases of spontaneously arrested congenital hydrocephalus whose educational progress appears normal. They found on examination to have a reduced performance IQ, but a normal verbal IQ. They showed a significant impairment in immediate free recall, which was specific to the secondary memory component. It is concluded that congenital hydrocephalus produce and organic disorder which manifests itself in later life as an impairment of verbal memory	['SDG03']
82907111	Industrial and intellectual property rights in the Uruguay round and beyond	The current Uruguay Round of negotiations in GATT is considering the issues of industrial and intellectual property rights (IIPRs), trade in services and direct foreign investment. Although these issues are not linked conceptually, they have come to be integrated in a single policy initiative in which the US government is particularly active. The major reason for targetting IIPRs for reform is that there are major changes in technology which render the inherited regime anachronistic. This article considers these changes in technology, describes the implications for property rights and discusses the current policy negotiations in GATT. It concludes by pointing to the key role being played by the USA and questions whether this is likely to endure given the undermining of the technologically dominant position of the US economy	['SDG09', 'SDG17']
82976541	The myths and realities of deterrence in workplace safety regulation	Given the proliferation of the use of deterrence in neo-liberal crime control policies, it is remarkable that this concept remains absent from the study and practice of corporate regulation. The paper explores this absence in the regulation literature, highlighting a series of widely accepted myths about deterrence in this literature, myths that have also been reproduced in British policy debates. Having discussed the enduring, if hidden, adherence to deterrence across this literature, we then go on to discuss the significant absences of deterrence and, in doing so, we focus specifically upon the dynamics of law enforcement, as it applies in the case of UK workplace health and safety law. The paper concludes that only through a careful consideration of the politics and praxis of law enforcement can we adequately grasp the context of the regulation of workplace safety—what the proper place of deterrence is and how it might be better secured	['SDG08']
82962610	De Beauvoir, Bridget Jones' pants and vaginismus	This paper considers the relevance of de Beauvoir’s work for clients with 'vaginismus'. Focusing on women's relationships to their bodies, partners, and being-for-others more widely, it links de Beauvoir's theories to more recent research, and to a key case study. The importance of therapist awareness of shifting gender roles is highlighted	['SDG05']
328754700	Heroes against homophobia: does elevation uniquely block homophobia by inhibiting disgust?	Homophobia has decreased in past decades, but gut-level disgust towards gay men lingers. It has been suggested that disgust can be reduced by inducing its proposed opposite emotion, elevation. Elevation is elicited by witnessing self-sacrifice and other uncommon acts of moral goodness. Research suggests elevation might reduce homophobia, but only general elevation (not elevation specifically evoked by gay people) and general attitudes (rather than disgust) have been studied. Nor has elevation?s proposed specific effect on homophobia been differentiated from effects of related emotions, such as admiration or surprise. A series of news stories featuring either a gay man or a man of unspecified sexuality that were intended to elicit elevation, admiration, or surprise distinctly were pretested. We pre-registered the prediction that an elevation-inducing story would reduce negative attitudes by reducing disgust. In Study 1 (N = 593), participants who read elevation-inducing stories did not express more positive attitudes or less disgust towards gay men than those who read stories inducing admiration or surprise. The admiration stories elicited similar or lower levels of disgust than the elevation stories. Study 2 (N = 588), replicated the findings of Study 1 with improved stimuli and measures. Both studies suggest that elevation may not uniquely reduce homophobia, as elevation and admiration have similar effects on this prejudice	['SDG10']
82964940	What do players have to say about informal learning through games?	It has been suggested that digital games can be powerful learning environments that encourage active and critical learning, including participation within “affinity groups” and “semiotic domains” (Gee, 2004). However, there is still a need to provide further empirical evidence to substantiate these claims, especially if educators want to try to replicate people’s enthusiasm for games within a formal educational context. By addressing the question “How do players describe learning in the context of gaming?” this study seeks to further our understanding of how and what people learn informally through playing games by first examining the player perspective. A set of learning categories, based on a series of email interviews with a range of adult games players, is identified along with some themes to consider in relation to players’ views on learning within this context. The findings indicate the importance of considering more than just what occurs during play, because, for example, players often consult external resources for advice about what to do in the game world. It is also pertinent to note players’ ideas about value and transfer of learning across contexts. The research raises questions about the completeness and applicability of these learning categories, and about how these categories relate to motivations for playing games and engagement during play	['SDG04']
161396610	Lee v Ashers Baking Co Ltd & Ors[2015] NICty 2: Northern Ireland County Court: Brownlie DJ: 19 May 2015 [Case Note]	Discrimination – Sexual orientation – Less favourable treatment – Plaintiff homosexual ordering cake from defendant bakery to include slogan ‘Support Gay Marriage’ – Defendant company directors initially accepting but subsequently telephoning to refuse to fulfil order, offering a refund and explaining that bakery was Christian business and order should not have been taken – Whether refusal amounting to direct or indirect discrimination on grounds of sexual orientation, if so whether relevant provisions could be read down to take account of defendant directors’ rights to manifest religious belief – Whether defendants having right not to be compelled to express or commit them to a viewpoint – Human Rights Act 1998, Sch 1, Pt 1, arts 8, 9, 10, 14, 17 – Equality Act (Sexual Orientation) Regulations (Northern Ireland) 2006 – Fair Employment and Treatment Order 1998</i	['SDG10']
82907755	French is the Language of Love and Stuff': student perceptions of issues related to motivation in learning a foreign language	This article reports on an investigation into the motivation of secondary school students in the South-west of England to learn foreign languages. A questionnaire was constructed based on a model derived from the motivation literature to examine students' responses on 16 constructs related to motivation. This was administered to 228 students in years 7, 8 and 9. The analysis revealed a decrease in motivation with age, and higher level of motivation among girls than boys. It also revealed a strikingly higher motivation to learn German than French, which was even more marked when the boys onl1, were considered. These findings were further investigated using interviews. Both girls and boys were able to provide clear explanations for differences between the genders, as well as for the language differences. These included such aspects as French being considered feminine, it not being `cool' for boys to be seen to make an effort at French, and the tendency for boys not to try at anything that appears to be tedious	['SDG04']
82907713	Engaged pedagogy and responsibility: A postcolonial analysis of international students	This paper responds to increasing discussions about responsibility within geography by exploring some of the spatialities imbued in thinking responsibly about internationalisation in the UK Higher Education system, and it uses the categorisation of the international student as a way in to this exploration. Although international students have been considered from the viewpoint of migration studies, global education studies and critical pedagogical studies, this paper attempts a postcolonial analysis of international students, to consider what forms of pedagogic responsibility are called forth through this framework. Building on bell hooks’ call for an ‘engaged pedagogy’, this paper shows that routing care and responsibility through postcolonial geographies incites a more sharply demanding political praxis	['SDG10', 'SDG04']
571215307	It’s the quiet ones you have to look out for	Why might a student not respond to us? How can we best support those students who cannot / do not engage with telephone tutorials? This session provides a space to explore reasons for non-engagement and to share strategies for developing our quiet students, including those who are autistic	['SDG04']
82902198	Capital and community: limited liability and attempts to democratize the market in mid-Nineteenth Century England	Demonstrates the limited liability seen by many reformers as a mechanism for democratization by incorporating working-class men into free markets. Influence of limited liability on the market culture; view of debates on limited liability; discussion on limited liability and social reform	['SDG10', 'SDG08']
82900470	Recent trends in charity governance and trusteeship	Over the last decade there has been a growing recognition of the importance of governing bodies and trustees in ensuring that charities perform well and maintain appropriate standards. This report is a follow up to Building on Trust and presents results from a national survey of the trustee boards of charities in England and Wales	['SDG17']
82900452	Competitive collaboration and market contestability: cases in Mexican and UK banking (1945-75)	In this article we explore the emergence and evolution of collaboration agreements among different types of intermediaries in the UK and Mexican financial systems. Collaboration in the UK looks at agreements between non-bank and non-finance providers aiming to modify their competitive capabilities and circumvent barriers to enter deposit markets. Collaboration in Mexican banking considered agreements between commercial banks and small regional banks during the period of 1945 to 1975. Agreements in Mexican banking are benchmarked against collaboration in the UK. As a result, research in this article sheds light on the success of collaboration agreements through changes in competitive strength rather than the longevity of the transaction or the formality and structural visibility of the agreements. Evidence documented here also helps in remedying a shortage of research around financial institutions in less developed countries and the economic and business history of Latin America, while providing an international comparison	['SDG08']
82902169	Measuring the resource potential in commercial and industrial wastes from food related businesses	This paper reports on the results of a project to map the resource potential in commercial and industrial (C&I) wastes produced by small businesses in England.  The main objectives of the project include developing a robust methodology for auditing the waste stream from SMEs, mapping key resources in the wastes produced, and integrating this data with that on municipal waste to highlight opportunities for combined recovery.  The methodology was tested in Hampshire on food and food-related SMEs, including the manufacturing, retail and hospitality sectors. It provides a framework in which these businesses, local authorities and the waste management industry can work to optimise the recovery and re-use of key resources	['SDG12']
82974108	Making sense of homework: parental resources for understanding mathematical homework in multicultural settings	Parental involvement in children’s homework is strongly endorsed and encouraged by political and educational policy in the UK. However, involvement in mathematics homework is said to be particularly problematic for parents because of changes to the curriculum since their own schooling, the introduction of multitudinous mathematical strategies at school, and in the case of multicultural communities, an ever-increasing heterogeneity of learning experiences amongst parents. Using the theoretical framework of cultural models and cultural settings this chapter examines the kinds of resources parents use to make sense of their child’s mathematics homework. Two parental resources for making sense of mathematics homework are scrutinized: (a) the child, and (b) cultural models of child development. Theinterviews with twenty-two parents revealed that these resources were highly intangible and often symbolic models which were open to misunderstandings, resistances and transformations. Also, the child could be an active or resistant co-constructor of these resources which subsequently informed the homework setting	['SDG10', 'SDG04']
196580942	Assessing Security and Privacy Behavioural Risks for Self-Protection Systems	Security and privacy can often be considered from two perspectives. The first perspective is that of the attacker who seeks to exploit vulnerabilities of the system to harm assets such as the software system itself or its users. The second perspective is that of the defender who seeks to protect the assets by minimising the likelihood of attacks on those assets. This chapter focuses on analysing security and privacy risks from these two perspectives considering both the software system and its uncertain environment including uncertain human behaviours. These risks are dynamically changing at runtime, making them even harder to analyse. To compute the range of these risks, we highlight how to alternate between the attacker and the defender perspectives as part of an iterative process. We then quantify the risk assessment as part of adaptive security and privacy mechanisms complementing the logic reasoning of qualitative risks in argumentation (Yu et al., J Syst Softw 106:102–116, 2015). We illustrate the proposed approach through the risk analysis of examples in security and privacy	['SDG09']
82912634	Testing Teachers: The effect of school inspections on primary teachers	Since the 1992 Education Act inaugurated national arrangements for inspection, schools have operated within an 'inspection climate' which pervades every aspect of school life on a continual basis. The significance of OFSTED inspections cannot be overestimated. They are often the most challenging, searching, uncompromising and stressful events teacher have ever experienced. What effects do they have on teachers and their work, on their self and role, and on school policy and ethos? Drawing on case studies from contrasting primary schools over a three- year period, this book reveals how OFSTED inspections were received within primary schools. It meets the need for detailed, rigorous research into inspections and their effects on teachers	['SDG04']
82911189	High-resolution, temperature dependant, Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy of CF3I	CF3I is being considered as a replacement for some of the global warming gases currently used in the plasma industry, however before this compound can be put into wide-scale use the possible implications upon the atmosphere must be carefully considered. Calculations of global warming potentials of compounds require detailed information about the infrared absorption properties of a compound. High resolution Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy has been applied to CF3I to measure absolute infrared photo absorption cross-sections. These have been measured in the ranges (400-1400)cm(-1) and (1900-2500) cm(-1) at a resolution of 0.003 cm(-1) for temperatures of 208.0, 251.6, 272.9 and 299.4 K over a range of pressures. Eight absorption features were observed across the measured range some of which lie within the atmospheric IR (800-1300cm(-1)) window and hence may play a role in global warming	['SDG13']
82911174	The nature and prevalence of the use of performance measurement techniques by airlines	This paper describes the nature and prevalence of the use of performance measurement techniques by airlines. The authors draw on evidence from an international survey of the largest 200 airlines in terms of total passengers carried per annum. The results provide empirical insight into the use of performance measurement, benchmarking activities and other performance management techniques. The survey revealed a very high utilization of benchmarking and quality management techniques by airlines, and evidence that certain measures are considered more useful than others by the airline managers. (c) 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved	['SDG12', 'SDG09']
82907044	Manufacturing Consensus: (Geo) Political Knowledge and Policy-Based Lending	This article examines the inter-relations between power and knowledge in the contemporary world order. It begins by examining recent contributions to development theory especially post-modern formulations. These are seen to foster an apolitical stand on development which relativises values and hence negates the possibility of emancipatory politics. However, the technique of deconstruction is useful in revealing the geo-political basis of power structures and by so doing can help enliven progressive political debate. The article then examines how the World Bank's universalising visions of the developing world in general and Africa in particular enables the Bank to prescribe uniform adjustment programmes. As such the article reveals the links between research and policy. It ends by calling for a revitalisation of political economy which can provide a structural account of the power relations in which development discourses circulate	['SDG16', 'SDG17']
237022589	Gender, love, and sex: Using duoethnography to research gender and sexuality minority experiences of transgender relationships	This article uses a duoethnographic approach to explore the intersection of lesbian and queer sexualities and transgender identities in intimate relationships. By comparing experiences of gender and sexual identity negotiation within transgender relationships, the authors document how sexual identity borders are traversed, and how gender is negotiated and interrogated in and through these relationships. We argue that our differential experiences of ‘queer’ as an identity, our relationship challenges and how we express/relate to gender are heavily shaped by feminist politics, and how social interactions are gendered	['SDG05']
84342325	Protest objects: bricolage, performance and counter-archaeology	In this article we analyse the Occupy Democracy demonstration that took place in Parliament Square in the autumn of 2014 and the ‘Disobedient Objects’ exhibition held at the Victoria and Albert Museum 2014–15. We develop a counter-archaeological analysis of these events on the one hand through reflection on previous archaeological studies of protest sites and the new heritage paradigm and on the other through an exploration of bricolage and performance to unpack the complex materialities of these assemblages of people, places and objects	['SDG11']
549010611	The Attention Cycle of Income Inequality in the UK and US Print Media, 1990–2015	By the late 2000s, income inequality had risen noticeably within 17 of the 22 OECD countries, with major increases in the UK and the US. This chapter examines media discourse on income inequality over time to understand better the agenda-setting process in the public sphere. Media issue attention measures are one part of an agenda-setting approach to social problems, which assesses the flow of salience from mass media to public perception and ultimately into government action. Some of the increase in media coverage may simply be picking up on this growing number of academic studies, especially when they are undertaken by major research bodies that cultivate media relations and prepare press releases	['SDG10', 'SDG17']
82911164	Does concurrent prescription of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs substantially increase the risk of upper gastrointestinal bleeding?	Background:A 15-fold increased risk of gastrointestinal bleeding has been reported with concurrent use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. Recent guidance cautions against concurrent prescription, particularly in older people. Aim: To quantify the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding associated with current exposure to non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, and both drugs concurrently. Methods: We conducted a case-control analysis of 11 261 cases with upper gastrointestinal bleeding and 53 156 controls matched by gender, age and general practice from computerized primary care data. We coupled this with self-controlled case series analysis. Results: Both drugs were associated with a twofold increased risk of gastrointestinal bleeding (odds ratio =2.38, 95% confidence interval 2.08-2.72 for selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and odds ratio = 2.15, 95% confidence interval 2.02-2.28 for non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs). This increased risk was marginally higher for concurrent prescription (odds ratio = 2.93, 95%confidence interval 2.25-3.82). The self-controlled analysis showed a greater incidence rate ratio for gastrointestinal bleeding with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (2.71, 95% confidence interval 2.51-2.91) and lower incidence rate ratio with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (1.71, 95% confidence interval 1.48-1.98). The incidence rate ratio when both drugs were combined was 3.25, 95% confidence interval 1.95-5.42. Estimates were similar after restricting to people over 80 years of age. Increased risk of gastrointestinal bleeding was not specifically related to class of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and was similar when we looked at tricyclic anti-depressants. Conclusions: Our study suggests that the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding is not substantially increased when non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors are prescribed together, compared with their use alone	['SDG03']
549010663	Appeals to consensus and partisan politics in parliamentary discourse on the pandemic	This paper explores the ways in which political leaders appeal to consensus and unity in parliamentary discourse on the management of the COVID-19 pandemic in Greece.  The paper focuses a) on the different meanings that consensus takes in different argumentative contexts, b) on the mobilization of (different constructions of) consensus as a discursive resource oriented to different rhetorical ends. Moreover, it considers the potential implications of appeals to consensus on partisan politics, anchoring the whole discussion both in approaches to political discourse as rhetoric (Billig, 1987) and political communication (Tileaga, Demasi & Burke, 2020), as well as, in research regarding political leadership during COVID-19	['SDG16', 'SDG03']
549010655	Co-commissioning of public services and outcomes in the UK	Commissioning as a planning, resource mobilization and prioritization activity needs to harness user and community co-production of public services and outcomes. Based on a public value model, we map how commissioners can go beyond traditional consultation and participation processes to achieve co-commissioning with citizens. Moreover, we discuss how public sector organizations can use their strategic commissioning process to support and embed citizen voice and action in their problem prevention, treatment and rehabilitation strategies to achieve the quality of life outcomes desired by both citizens and public service commissioners.Commissioning as a planning, resource mobilization and prioritization activity needs to harness user and community co-production of public services and outcomes. Based on a public value model, we map how commissioners can go beyond traditional consultation and participation processes to achieve co-commissioning with citizens. Moreover, we discuss how public sector organizations can use their strategic commissioning process to support and embed citizen voice and action in their problem prevention, treatment and rehabilitation strategies to achieve the quality of life outcomes desired by both citizens and public service commissioners	['SDG16']
82980088	Editorial: Perspectives on creative pedagogy: exploring challenges, possibilities and potential	Internationally, the first decade of the 21st century was characterised by growth in creativity research and creative classroom practice (e.g.  Einarsdottir, 2003; Cremin, Burnard and Craft, 2006; Beghetto and Kaufman 2007; Sawyer, 2010). In England, the Creative Partnerships initiative increased the attention paid by researchers, policy makers and practitioners to creativity in schooling, and  an interest in creative learning at the primary phase developed (e.g. QCA, 2005; Galton, 2008; Bragg,  Manchester and Faulkner, 2009; Thomson and Hall, 2007; Craft and Chappell, 2009). Whilst recognition of the role and nature of creativity and interest in creative pedagogical practice has grown, tensions persist at several levels, particularly in accountability cultures, where international comparisons such as PISA and PIRLS frame and shape policy, practice and curricula.This Special Issue, planned with Anna Craft before her untimely death, responds to this context and draws together the work of a number of eminent scholars of creativity and creative pedagogies. It offers diverse perspectives from Colombia, Denmark, England, France, Poland, Hong Kong, and the USA and highlights differences as well as similarities across cultural contexts. Individually and collectively, the authors, framed by their own stances on creativity, reveal both the complexities and the possibilities of creative pedagogies. While some focus more upon conceptual challenges, others examine classroom practice, both teachers and visiting artists, and identify difficulties as well as potential. Most pay attention to both teacher and learner orientations, exemplified by Dezuanni and Jetnikoff‘s (2011:265) assertion that creative pedagogies involve ‘imaginative and innovative arrangement of curricula and teaching strategies in school classrooms’ to develop the creativity of the young	['SDG04']
487610972	The performance of hearing-impaired children on handedness and perceptual motor tasks	The present study was designed to test for differences, if any, in children with impaired hearing compared with a control group of children with normal hearing (7-11-year-olds) in handedness, drawing, categorization, facial recognition, and play. Results indicated age differences in the performance of all the tasks. The children with hearing loss had more left-hand responses than the normal children did. For drawings, those whose hearing was impaired used more space and color. Both groups performed similarly on tasks of categorization and facial recognition. For play, children with hearing loss were more clumsy and accident prone than children in the control group. The results suggest that children with impaired hearing differ from those with normal hearing in tasks that are influenced by language processes and motor ability	['SDG10', 'SDG04']
82982109	Enhancing (in)formal learning ties in interdisciplinary management courses: a quasi-experimental social network study	While interdisciplinary courses are regarded as a promising method for students to apply knowledge from other disciplines, there is limited empirical evidence available whether interdisciplinary courses can effectively “create” interdisciplinary students. In this quasi-experimental study amongst 377 Master’s students, in the control condition students were randomised by the teacher into groups, while in the experimental condition students were “balanced” by the teacher into groups based upon their initial social network. Using Social Network Analysis, learning ties after eleven weeks were significantly predicted by the friendship and learning ties established at the beginning of the course, as well as (same) discipline and group allocation. The effects were generally greater than group divisions, irrespective of the two conditions, but substantially smaller than initial social networks. These results indicate that interdisciplinary learning does not occur “automatically” in an interdisciplinary module. This study contributes to effective learning in interdisciplinary learning environments	['SDG04']
82921791	Approaches to studying and perceptions of the academic environment among university students in China	It has been claimed that students from “Confucian-heritage” cultures approach studying in higher education differently from Western students. This study investigated the experiences and the approaches to studying of students at a university in China. A total of 356 students completed both the Course Experience Questionnaire (CEQ) and the Revised Approaches to Studying Inventory (RASI). Their responses to the CEQ yielded two factors concerned with student support and course demands. Their responses to the RASI yielded two factors: a deep/strategic approach and a surface approach. Students who rated their courses positively in terms of student support were more likely to adopt a deep/strategic approach. Students who rated their courses positively in terms of course demands were less likely to adopt a surface approach. In broad terms, the students’ perceptions and approaches to studying were similar to those of Western students, though with some specific differences. The findings add to the literature on Chinese students’ approaches to learning and also have practical implications for teachers seeking to promote more desirable forms of studying in their students	['SDG04']
160752087	Navigating double marginalisation: Migrant Chinese sexual and gender minority young people’s views on mental health challenges and supports	Sexual and/or gender minority young people who are also members of an ethnic minority can experience unique challenges. Limited research draws directly on the mental health experiences of these ‘double minority’ youth. This study focused on Chinese sexual/gender minority youth in New Zealand. It sought to explore features they found challenging for, or supportive of, their mental health and wellbeing. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with 11 Chinese sexual/gender minority participants aged between 19 and 29 years old and residing in Auckland, New Zealand. An inductive approach to qualitative data analysis was used. Two major domains of findings emerged. Firstly, participants described mental health challenges linked to racism, sexism, cis-heteronormativity and challenges in relation to intersecting identities. Secondly, Chinese culture and community connections, family and peer support, and role models seemed to facilitate resiliency. However, the fear of ‘losing face’, unwillingness to disclose distress when unwell, and mental health service providers’ lack of cultural and linguistic competency were described as barriers to effective mental health support. In conclusion, Chinese and sexual/gender minority identities were integral parts of participants’ sense of self, and this was associated with their mental health and wellbeing. Further research is required to explore ways to reduce barriers and promote resiliency	['SDG03', 'SDG05', 'SDG10']
82921265	8008: The measure of a competent child care social worker?	This paper reflects upon some mixed messages found in recent consultation and framework documents that have been issued as part of the debate surrounding the Government's emphasis upon education and training within its 'modernisation' agenda. It identifies the long-standing arguments about 'testing' versus 'learning' or 'contextual' paradigms and suggests that, perhaps, there is still scope to influence the future direction of social work. The author has drawn upon his research with social workers and their team managers in current post-qualification award programmes to argue for a renewed emphasis upon the inter-personal and relationship aspects of educational processes within more broadly conceived socio-cultural contexts. A focus upon reflexively defined concepts of 'engagement' and 'assessment' is used to explore constructivist arguments that locate individuals within an interplay of potential and constraints. It is argued that constructive engagements within revised conceptions of assessment can form the basis of a framework of continuing professional development that starts from and develops the unique realities of social work practice. This requires the committed involvement of more people, in the negotiation of a professional practice agenda for knowledge creation through relationships, rather than the imposition of more measures	['SDG04', 'SDG08', 'SDG10']
82982060	Beyond text': exploring ethos and method in co-producing research with communities	There is a critique of research conducted in communities which fails to include communities in its design and undertaking. In parallel, academic research is increasingly being measured according to its benefit to the wider society. Co-productive research is a response to these challenges which offers a way of recognizing the resource contribution of communities to research and emphasizing the conduct of research ‘with’ communities rather than ‘on’ communities. This article identifies the reliance on ‘text’ in the research process as a barrier to delivering meaningful co-productive research with communities. ‘Beyond-text’ tools are emerging across academic disciplines and include story-telling, performance, art and photography. Recent research emphasizes the empowering potential of these methods by facilitating greater reflection on the lived experience of those involved. This article looks at examples of research which have employed ‘beyond text’ methods to consider their potential to deliver co-produced research with communities. It also asks whether it is the application of specific technical approaches and methods, or the underlying ethos within which research is conducted that is most critical to challenging unequal power relationships. It argues that beyond-text methods need to be applied within a wider set of values which re-conceptualize the role of the researcher working with communities	['SDG10', 'SDG17']
158977758	Engaging Stakeholders Through Corporate Political Activity: Insights From MNE Nonmarket Strategy in an Emerging African Market	As interest increases in the political engagement between multinational enterprises (MNEs) andemerging economy host governments, less is known about wider MNE stakeholder engagementand the development of nonmarket capabilities in institutionally fragile environments. This studyinvestigates how MNEs engage stakeholders through corporate political activity (CPA) during thepro-market reform of Uganda's electricity generation sector. Data is collected through semi-structured interviews, archival materials and ﬁeldwork notes, and is analyzed using an NVivo-supported grounded analytic method. We ﬁnd both proactive and reactive leveraging of CPA tomanage diverse stakeholders. We argue that the host government remains the most importantpolitical stakeholder in the early phases of reform, but changes in institutional and politicalenvironments necessitate strategic adaptations as the reform process progresses. These adapta-tions include the need for local engagement and the accommodation of multi-level stakeholderpressures. Our ﬁndings contribute to an understanding of corporate political capabilities inAfrica's emerging markets, and illustrate how these capabilities can be strategically leveraged toeﬀectively manage diverse stakeholders	['SDG17', 'SDG09', 'SDG07', 'SDG08', 'SDG16']
187114324	The emerging trend of blockchain for validating degree apprenticeship certification in cybersecurity education	The network-centric world of the 21st century and explosive growth of the internet related technologies brought modern cybersecurity culture with complex threat landscape in the Higher Education environment. Cybersecurity landscape is always changing and education providers often do not have remit or in fact the means and capacity to cover the range of activities learners engage with, which attest their achievements, knowledge, and skills. Currently the awarding and validation of qualifications occurs exclusively under centralised management of an education institution or an employer take more ownership of the learning experience and its outcomes without compromising on safety, security, and accessibility. The centralised model of the present awarding and validation is no longer sustainable because learning happens increasingly on online platforms, and learning is far more international than it used to be. Key higher educational providers introduced degree apprenticeships which are new way to ‘do both’ higher level skills and provide progression routes to improve their employability prospects. The ‘Blockchain’ (BC) facilitates digitized, decentralized, public ledger of all cryptocurrency transactions. It embraces a set of inter-related technologies. This paper expounds a novel BC-based architecture for transform centralised model of awarding and validation in to decentralized ledger of secured database. This database is shared, replicated, and synchronized for validation among the universities, partner institutions, professionals, statutory or regulatory bodies and industry bodies across the internet. The architecture offers secured collaborative validating system by qualification exchange with BC using trust methods within the decentralized topology	['SDG04', 'SDG09']
82922697	eGovernment	The use of the SemanticWeb (SW) in e-government is reviewed. The challenges for the introduction of SWtechnology in e-government are surveyed fromthe point of view both of the SWas a new technology that has yet to reach its full potential, and of e-government as a complex digital application with many constraints, competing interests and drivers, and a large and heterogeneous user base of citizens. The spread of SW technology through e-government is reviewed, looking at a number of international initiatives, and it is argued that pragmatic considerations stemming from the institutional context are as important as technical innovation. To illustrate these points, the chapter looks in detail at recent efforts by the UK government to represent and release public-sector information in order to support integration of heterogeneous information sources by both the government and the citizen.  Two projects are focused on. AKTive PSIwas a proof of concept, in which information was rerepresented in RDF andmade available against specially created ontologies, adding significant value to previously existing databases. Steps in the management of the project are described, to demonstrate how problems of perception can be overcome with relatively little overhead. Secondly, the data.gov.uk project is discussed, showing the technical means by which it has exploited the growth of theWeb of Linked Data to facilitate re-representation and integration of information from diverse and heterogeneous sources. Drawing on experience in data.gov. uk the policy and organizational challenges of deploying SWcapabilities at national scales are discussed as well as the prospects for the future.This chapter will consider the specific issues pertaining to the application of the SemanticWeb (SW) to e-government, and look at some of the ways that the SemanticWeb community has tried to address them. The first section will examine some of the challenges and opportunities for Semantic Web technologies within e-government, and review progress made. The next section will describe a detailed example of the UK’s data.gov.uk program to represent government data on the Linked Data Web. It will also review pilot work that preceded the data.gov.uk work and which was important in providing insights as to the pragmatic deployment of SW technologies in the public sector. A set of resources will be given for further study, before a discussion of likely future directions of research in this area	['SDG09', 'SDG16']
82979999	Intergenerational dynamics of educational values: the impact of graduate parents on young peoples’ educational decision making	What is the impact of having graduate parents or parents engaged in tertiary education in the decision making process associated with entering higher education?This presentation reviews the literature and identifies possibilities for future research	['SDG04']
82982071	From shared roots to fruitful collaboration: How counselling psychology can benefit from (re)connecting with positive psychology	Content and focus: Counselling psychology has its origins in a positive orientation towards lifelong development, growth and prevention rather than pathology and cure. Along with the positive psychology movement, it shares its roots in humanistic psychology, and while US counselling psychology has embraced positive psychology explicitly, UK counselling psychology has been more reluctant to engage with this framework. This paper reviews the relationship between counselling psychology and positive psychology, tracing the roots of counselling psychology and its engagement with positive psychology as well as some of the barriers to fruitful interaction. We offer suggestions for how counselling psychology could beneficially (re)connect with positive psychology ideas and practices. Conclusions: By reconnecting with its positive roots and engaging with the ideas and the research of the positive psychology movement, counselling psychology could develop more balanced and strength-oriented ways of working, rekindling its original commitment towards human flourishing and actualisation	['SDG03']
160752033	Revealing the hidden geography of alternative food networks: The travelling concept of farmers’ markets	Alternative food networks in post-socialist settings are often studied using concepts and analytical tools developed in the Anglo-American context. As a result, the findings tend to replicate and confirm rather than challenge and extend the extant knowledge and theorisations. Based on a recent study of farmers’ markets in the Czech capital Prague, the paper claims that viewing these ‘from the periphery’ produces novel insights complementing those garnered in researching them in the West. In the context of earlier alternative food initiatives, the boom of farmers’ markets, which Prague experienced in the early 2010s, was unparalleled. In less than 24 months, 41 farmers’ markets were established in and around the city. Focusing methodologically on the discourse of the organisers of farmers’ markets and theoretically on the complex hidden geography underlying the farmers’ markets’ boom, we are able to unpick the intricacy and paradoxical nature inherent in this development. While acknowledging the farmers’ markets embeddedness in the local context, we argue that a more comprehensive understanding of farmers’ markets requires engagement with a flow of ideas and know-how transcending the locality. The ensuing type of farmers’ markets is a result of interactions among different travelling concepts as well as of their encounter with the specificities of the local post-socialist context. We argue that the fact that these concepts were not necessarily concordant with each other and also insufficiently adapted to the local context had a profound effect on Prague farmers’ markets’ boom	['SDG12', 'SDG02']
82906123	How well can the theory of planned behavior account for occupational intentions?	We tested the capacity of an extended version of the theory of planned behavior (TPB) to account for intentions to work for the UK’s National Health Service (NHS) as a nurse, physiotherapist or radiographer amongst three groups: professionally unqualified (N = 507), in professional training (N = 244), and professionally qualified (N = 227). We found strong support for the three core TPB variables attitude, subjective norm and perceived behavioral control as predictors of behavioral intention, and limited support for two additional variables: moral obligation and identification. There were some differences in the relative importance of TPB variables between groups. We conclude that the TPB has utility for more complex behaviors as well as simpler ones that are more frequently researched. However, more attention should be paid to differences in people’s circumstances, particularly regarding past vocational decisions and behavior, and to obstacles to implementing an intention	['SDG08']
82914456	Liverpool '08 – brand and contestation	This chapter examines the process of re-branding a major community - the City of Liverpool - through its role as European Capital of Culture, 2008. This year-long 'landmark event' was promoted as a means of attracting investment and tourist income. The paper assesses the implications of the Capital of Culture through its impact on one particular creative resource within that city – the Picket music venue. The success of the bid in June 2003 created changes which impacted on some of the key creative activities within the city, threatening the legitimacy of the Capital of Culture project itself. Rapidly rising property values began to deny affordable space for the very activities which underpinned the success of the bid. The author was a participant in the subsequent three year campaign to protect the Picket venue as a resource for the training of young musicians in both artistic and technical aspects of music.The paper looks at the contestation over Liverpool and Merseyside's highly local identity and global profile and the tension and synergy between traditional collectivity and individual entrepreneurialism characterised by the forms of social enterprise currently emerging in this creative milieu. It identifies some of the collective resources held by the Liverpool community from which were drawn key tactics in the fight to retain a significant cultural resource within the Capital of Cultur	['SDG08', 'SDG11', 'SDG10']
82922685	Project portfolio management: balancing risk and performance in turbulent times	When economic conditions become more challenging, organisations have fewer resources to deploy on new business or change projects and programmes, reducing the number of such initiatives they can undertake.  However, at such times, the projects and programmes they do invest in are often more critical, since they may be essential to deliver efficiency savings, sustain revenue or improve aspects of performance on which the survival of the organisation can depend.  The current turbulent economic conditions appear to have caused increasing adoption of project portfolio management (PPM) by organisations. PPM can be defined as: managing a diverse range of projects and programmes to achieve the maximum organisational value within resource and funding constraints, where 'value' does not imply only financial value and includes delivering benefits which are relevant to the organisation's chosen strategy	['SDG09', 'SDG08']
82924658	Corporate communication and reputation: an in-depth analysis into impact, practices, and reputational aspects tied to M&A announcements	The objective of the research is to observe share price reactions to information announcements during M&A processes. We shall focus upon the London Stock Market as this is the second most active M&A market in the world and a market in which one of the researchers has a great deal of direct experience. In doing so, we propose to uncover i) what types of information make a difference to share prices, ii) the importance of the timing of this information release, and iii) whether there are firm specific and group reputational effects which lend information more or less credibility. This research will provide corporate practitioners with empirical evidence regarding the impact of different corporate communication practices in terms of their content and timing. The research will also be able to answer the extent to which aspects of prior reputation gives weight and credibility to communications, and whether this is a generic quality or more specific to the information being provided, for instance whether being a well run company is sufficient to add credibility or whether specific experience in the issue at hand makes the difference. Finally, with regards to outcomes directed at High Status Reputation Intermediaries, the research will provide insights into whether or not, and to what extent, the involvement of professional advisors makes an impact in lending their reputations to enhance the effectiveness of company messages being communicated to the markets	['SDG12']
82906129	Usability beyond the website: an empirically-grounded e-commerce evaluation instrument for the total customer experience	A customer's experience with an e-commerce environment extends beyond the interaction with the website, including delivery of products, post-sales support, consumption of products and services, and so on. It is the total customer experience that influences the customers' perceptions of value and service quality, and which consequently affects customer loyalty. In our cross-disciplinary research in human–computer interaction (HCI) and relationship marketing, we have been investigating how HCI and customer relationship management (CRM) strategies can be integrated in the design of e-commerce so as to engender customer retention, trust and loyalty. We have performed a series of empirical studies to understand customers' requirements and perceptions about service-quality from e-shopping and e-travel environments. From these studies, we have developed an empirically-grounded evaluation instrument, E-SEQUAL, which we discuss in this paper. The development team can apply it at different phases of an e-commerce development life-cycle to integrate customers' perceived dimensions of service quality into the design and evaluation of e-commerce	['SDG08']
82900329	Inclusion: changing the variables	Increasingly dyslexia is becoming a whole-school issue. The responsibility for addressing the needs of dyslexic students no longer rests with one individual but is the responsibility of all school staff-subject specialists and school management. This timely book addresses this need by providing specific guidance to secondary school staff on how to support dyslexic students within different subject areas and within the principles and practices of inclusion.    Table of Contents:Part 1 Dyslexia - implication for secondary schools: dyslexia and its manifestations in the secondary school; biological and cognitive dimension of dyslexia - current scientific thinking; the dyslexia-friendly secondary school. Part 2 Inclusion - principles and practices: inclusion - the challenges, changing the variables; inclusion and equal opportunities. Part 3 The subject of success: learning styles and mathematics; dyslexia and the teaching of modern foreign languages; implications for the humanities - dyslexia in the history classroom; implications for the sciences; supporting students with dyslexia in the maths classroom; dyslexia and music; dyslexia in the art classroom; dyslexia with geography, drama and PE. Part 4 Cross-curricular aspects: dyslexia across the curriculum; cross-curricular approaches to staff development in secondary schools. Part 5 Professional perspectives: assessment and support in the secondary school - an educational psychologist's view; the careers service; dyslexia and the law; implications for teachers	['SDG04', 'SDG10']
82900258	Using technology in Higher Education: an activity theory perspective	This paper describes the application of Activity Theory to considerations of enhancing learning through the use of technology in Higher Education. The theory is reviewed and its extended version which uses the idea of an activity system to help analyse the use of technology in context described. Two case studies of teaching and learning in Higher Education are described: one exploring the use of ICT in a postgraduate study of science communication and the other a history course using the web to provide a range of resources and communication facilities for students. These two case studies represent different uses of technology in different disciplines and lead to a consideration of how the use of Activity Theory informs understanding of these learning experiences	['SDG04']
82902425	Responses of Amazonian ecosystems to climatic and atmospheric carbon dioxide changes since the last glacial maximum: One contribution of 17 to a Theme Issue 'Tropical forests and global atmospheric change'	The aims of this paper are to review previously published palaeovegetation and independent palaeoclimaticdatasets together with new results we present from dynamic vegetation model simulations and modernpollen rain studies to: (i) determine the responses of Amazonian ecosystems to changes in temperature,precipitation and atmospheric CO2 concentrations that occurred since the Last Glacial Maximum (LGM),ca. 21 000 years ago; and (ii) use this long-term perspective to predict the likely vegetation responses tofuture climate change. Amazonia remained predominantly forested at the LGM, although the combinationof reduced temperatures, precipitation and atmospheric CO2 concentrations resulted in forests structurallyand floristically quite different from those of today. Cold-adapted Andean taxa mixed with rainforest taxain central areas, while dry forest species and lianas probably became important in the more seasonalsouthern Amazon forests and savannahs expanded at forest–savannah ecotones. Net primary productivity(NPP) and canopy density were significantly lower than today. Evergreen rainforest distribution and NPPincreased during the glacialHolocene transition owing to ameliorating climatic and CO2 conditions.However, reduced precipitation in the Early–Mid-Holocene (ca. 8000–3600 years ago) caused widespread,frequent fires in seasonal southern Amazonia, causing increased abundance of drought-tolerant dry foresttaxa and savannahs in ecotonal areas. Rainforests expanded once more in the Late Holocene owing toincreased precipitation caused by greater austral summer insolation, although some of this forest expansion(e.g. in parts of the Bolivian Beni) is clearly caused by palaeo Indian landscape modification. The plantcommunities that existed during the Early–Mid-Holocene may provide insights into the kinds of vegetationresponse expected from similar increases in temperature and aridity predicted for the twenty-first century.We infer that ecotonal areas near the margins of the Amazon Basin are liable to be most sensitive tofuture environmental change and should therefore be targeted with conservation strategies that allow‘natural’ species movements and plant community re-assortments to occur	['SDG13', 'SDG15']
82923899	Keeping the faith: spirituality and recovery from mental health problems	The potential for a positive relationship between spirituality and mental wellbeing has been illustrated previously by the Mental Health Foundation but how this is occurs at a practice level has been largely left unexplored. This report, funded by the Department of Health, explores how spiritual activities as part of an integrative approach can support the mental health and healing of individuals	['SDG03']
161771489	Feasibility Protocol for OER and OEP: A decision making tool for higher education	"This summary document is written for the senior executives of higher education institutions, mostly Australian institutions. It explores the Feasibility Protocol, which is a key outcome of a research project titled ""Adoption, use and management of Open Educational Resources to enhance teaching and learning in Australia"", primarily funded by the Office for Learning and Teaching (OLT), but with support from DEHub also. Open Educational Resources (OER) and Open Educational Practices (OEP) have been receiving global attention, especially in the last ten years, as the demand for open resources increases in all aspects of education and knowledge sharing and distribution. Despite some important Australian initiatives and policy developments regarding OER and OEP (discussed in detail in the full project report), the lack of explicit educationally-oriented government policies appear to be limiting the process of OER adoption in Australia. To date, there have been few policy levers or enablers to encourage universities and other tertiary providers to pursue OER initiatives to better support current students, attract new ones and compete against other Australian and international institutions.We believe that the Feasibility Protocol is a valuable instrument to assist senior executives in making decisions regarding institutional adoption of OER and OEP. The Feasibility Protocol is a set of guiding principles that prompts questions and raises issues to be considered by universities and tertiary institutions wishing to take advantage of OER and OEP. More specifically, the protocol aims to assist senior executives, managers and policy makers to make informed decisions about the adoption of OER and OEP at several levels within their institution. Even though we are aware that the introduction of OER and OEP into mainstream higher education in Australia could have not only a global impact on the sector (e.g. meeting some of the Paris OER Declaration recommendations), but could also impact on small and isolated communities, as well as individuals outside the university sphere, this study is focused primarily on the higher education sector.</p"	['SDG17', 'SDG04']
82975376	Autonomy and reason: treatment choice in breast cancer	The practice of offering choice to those women with breast cancer for whom either breast conserving surgery or mastectomy would be equally beneficial, has come to be seen as an important aspect of medical care. As well as improving satisfaction with treatment, this is seen as satisfying the ethical principle of respect for autonomy.  A number of studies, however, show that women are not always comfortable with such choice, preferring to leave treatment decisions to their surgeons. A question then arises as to the extent that these women can be seen as autonomous or as exercising autonomy. This paper argues, however, that the understanding of autonomy which is applied in current approaches to breast cancer care does not adequately support the exercise of autonomy, and that the clinical context of care means that women are not able to engage in the kind of reasoning that might promote the exercise of autonomy. Where respect for autonomy is limited to informed consent and choice, there is a danger that women’s interests are overlooked in those aspects of their care where choice is not appropriate, with very real, long term consequences for some women. Promoting the exercise of autonomy, it is argued, needs to go beyond the conception of autonomy as rational individuals making their own decisions, and clinicians need to work with an understanding of autonomy as relational in order to better involve women in their care	['SDG03', 'SDG05']
82977382	<i>Besides … on the other hand</i>: using a corpus approach to explore the influence of teaching materials on Chinese students’ use of linking adverbials	Studies conducted on first and second language student writing in English have pointed to the latter group's high use of features such as informal language, pronouns, and linking adverbials, yet few studies have been conducted on assessed undergraduate writing produced within an English-speaking environment. This paper reports findings from a corpus study of Chinese and British students’ writing in UK universities, confirming that a key area of difference is the Chinese students’ higher use of particular linking adverbials (e.g., besides, on the other hand). We hypothesize that one reason for this higher usage is the influence of secondary school teaching materials in mainland China prior to UK university study and examine a set of model texts from the English paper in the Chinese university entrance test, selected as these texts comprise much of the teaching material in the final year of secondary education. We argue that Chinese students are “primed” (Hoey, 2005) to favour particular linking adverbials, to disregard issues of informality, and to prefer sentence-initial positioning. It is hoped that the reported findings will challenge English language teachers and textbook writers to consider the requirements of writing within the academy	['SDG10', 'SDG04']
305114197	Inquiry-Based Learning on the Cloud	Cloud Learning Environments (CLEs) have recently emerged as a novel approach to learning, putting learners in the spotlight and providing them with the cloud-based tools for building their own learning environments according to their specific learning needs and aspirations. Although CLEs bring significant benefits to educators and learners, there is still little evidence of CLEs being actively and effectively used in the teaching and learning process. This chapter addresses this issue by introducing a European initiative called weSPOT (Working Environment with Social, Personal and Open Technologies for Inquiry-based Learning) for supporting and enhancing inquiry-based learning in STEM education via a cloud-based inquiry toolkit. The chapter presents evidence of using this toolkit within a case study that investigates how a secondary education community of students / co-learners selects information sources on the web and identifies factors associated with the reliability of information sources during their collaborative inquiry (co-inquiry) project in online environments	['SDG04', 'SDG09']
597054161	Report to Foundation Degree Forward on the impact of foundation degrees on students and the workplace	The study (commissioned by Foundation Degree Forward) was undertaken by a team of researchers from the Open University's Centre for Higher Education Research and Information and the Learning and Skills Network. It set out to explore the impact of foundation degrees from students' and employers' perspectives. By design it also aimed to build capacity among (mainly) staff in further education colleges delivering Foundation degree (Fd) 8 programmes through the involvement of Fd practitioners in the study. Many of the Fds in the study were still rather new, and some of the research findings reflect this recency. The study found that students and employers perceive a range of benefits that Fd study brings to individuals and the workplace. Full-time students cited gaining real business/industry experience, gaining broad knowledge of a specific industry, developing relevant knowledge and skills, and making contacts for future jobs as some of the benefits. Those already in employment cited getting back to learning, gaining new subject knowledge and an understanding of theories linked to, and informed by workplace practices, the development of academic skills, and gaining broader perspectives on their current work. Most students considered they had gained confidence through their studies.Employers also noted the gains in broader understandings and improved performance in the workplace. However, the study also found that employer involvement in the design and delivery of Fds was very variable. A few had been actively engaged, and practitioners acknowledged that engaging employers effectively and persuading them to take part in future developments could be a challenge. The report notes that many of the Fds involved in the study had yet to capitalise on the intended levels of integration of academic and work-based learning, and of employer engagement which are seen as some of the distinctive features of Fds	['SDG04', 'SDG08']
82983764	The Limits of Social Science: Causal Explanation and Value Relevance	What forms of knowledge can social science claim to produce? Does it employ causal analysis, and if so what does this entail? What role should values play in the work of social scientists? These are the questions addressed in this book. They are closely interrelated, and the answers offered here challenge many currently prevailing assumptions. They carry implications both for research practice, quantitative or qualitative, and for the public claims that social scientists make about the value of their work. The arguments underpinning this challenge to conventional wisdom are laid out in detail in the first half of this book. In later chapters their implications are explored for two substantive areas of intrinsic importance: the study of social mobility and educational inequalities, and explaining urban riots, notably those that took place in London and other English cities in the summer of 2011	['SDG10', 'SDG11']
82976297	Coaching political leaders	"In this chapter we consider the coaching relationship, and its contexts, processes and outcomes when coaching takes place with elected politicians. Elected politicians undertake their roles at local, devolved, national or international level. They may be senior leaders (eg ministers, council leaders, mayors) as well as representatives of communities and constituencies. They may be in political control, in opposition or in coalition. If they hold different political roles they may experience control, opposition and coalition simultaneously, for example, if they are political representatives at county and district local authority level, whilst their political party is in opposition at national level. In whatever role, formal political authority carries with it particular responsibilities and vulnerabilities that distinguish it from managerial leadership (where most of the research and practice on coaching has taken place).The work of the coach is threfore to be sensitive to the particlar contexts, role demands and expectations (from self and a variety of publis and other stakeholders) of the elected political leader. We examine this though a leadership model that conceptualizes the contexts, the challenges and the capabilities of political leadership. In other words, our model does not focus solely on the characteristics of individuals and their self-development but places this in a socially constructed view of leadership whereby effective leadersip is concerned with being able to ""read the context"" (and sometimes shape it), focus on key priorities (challenges) and acquire or enhance the skills and behaviours to achieve the key tasks of leadership. The chapter illustrates key points about coaching with politicians, using a case study of political leadership in local government"	['SDG16']
82911040	The effect of dietary molybdenum and iron on copper status, puberty, fertility and oestrous cycles in cattle		['SDG02']
82911030	Lithium, magnesium and uranium isotope behaviour in the estuarine environment of basaltic islands	This study presents major and trace elements and uranium (U), lithium (Li) and magnesium (Mg) isotope data for dissolved and suspended particulate material from estuaries draining dominantly basaltic terrains in Iceland (Borgarfjörður) and Sao Miguel (Povoação) in the Azores archipelago. The concentrations of dissolved sodium (Na), calcium (Ca), potassium (K), sulphate (SO4), Mg and Li, and 7Li/6Li and 26Mg/24Mg isotope ratios vary directly as a function of the dissolved chloride concentration [Cl], indicating that these species are non-reactive in these estuaries. However, U appears to be affected either by colloid flocculation or the formation of Fe-oxyhydroxides in Borgarfjörður. The major element composition of suspended particulate material in the estuary at Borgarfjörður shows that the detrital silicates delivered to the estuarine mixing zone are relatively unweathered. Accordingly, the δ26Mg isotope composition of the suspended material is indistinguishable from that of the parent basalts. However, the (234U/238U) activity ratios of the suspended material are significantly different from the parent basalt indicating rapid equilibration of the U isotopes between particles and seawater. The Li concentration and δ7Li isotope composition of the suspended load are also observed to increase with increasing [Cl], consistent with ongoing weathering of detrital material and the formation of secondary minerals in seawater. Depending on the particle residence time in the estuary, this process could remove as much as 15–25% of the global riverine input of Li to the ocean	['SDG14']
82980642	Controlling God in the UK: the vexed question of political accountability and faith based groups.	For twelve years New Labour as the governing party of the UK was apparently obsessed with control, ensuring as far as possible that every aspect of government policy remained centrally directed. However, there was also a growth in the use and importance of third sector agencies in the delivery, and latterly, in the strategic development of, public policy. This created an implementation gap in the delivery of policy and a problem in ensuring that key policy makers from the third sector remain ‘on-message’. In this paper we will demonstrate the difficulties that existed in retaining control while decentralising the delivery and development of public policy	['SDG16']
573839917	Consumption, crime and harm at home. Regulating for what and whom?	This chapter starts by viewing home is a key site of consumption, and therefore simultaneously a site where the state, the private sector and the public sector meet at the ostensible object of regulation – the consumer. The chapter takes several case studies involving consumption at and for the home – examining a combination of crime, harm, victimisation and protection (or otherwise) through law and enforcement, to ask questions about the nature of regulation in contemporary corporate capitalist societies. Historically considered as a means of limiting, mitigating and prohibiting some of the harmful activities of organisations which provide goods and services, the chapter argues that regulation needs to be rethought. In the contemporary period the domestic environment is a site, process and effect of symbiotic relationships whereby harm is permitted, legitimated and, in some respects, even encouraged. As a result, the quality and longevity of life for the relatively poor are systematically diminished as the means by which the wealth of the relatively rich is augmented, and thus where established economic, political and social power relationships are maintained and reproduced	['SDG11', 'SDG16']
159108004	Exposure, Power and Impact of Food Marketing on Children: Evidence Supports Strong Restrictions	Restricting food marketing to children is a key policy issue across Europe. Numerous regulatory and self-regulatory approaches exist, but evidence suggests that sustained reductions in food marketing exposure, power or impact have not been consistently achieved by any such action to date. This article provides a narrative review of the current literature, focusing on whether, how and to what extent children in Europe are affected by marketing (particularly for unhealthy foods) across both traditional broadcast and non- broadcast (digital) media. The evidence indicates that food marketing remains widespread and influential, and that new techniques employed in digital media can increase its power and reach. Despite the research challenges associated with understanding the nature and extent of children’s exposure via personalised, targeted digital media marketing, emerging data indicate that strong policy action here is appropriate and warranted, as it is for television. This article seeks to set the context for the rest of this special issue.The WHO Set of Recommendations on the Marketing of Foods and Non-alcoholic beverages to Children1 argue that the effectiveness of marketing (i.e. the impact it has) depends upon both the level of exposure to marketing (the frequency and reach of promotions) and the power of that marketing to influence behaviour (the creative content of the marketing message, including the design, execution and use of persuasive techniques). That framework will be applied here to present the extant evidence base to support strong marketing restrictions, and highlight evidence gaps that may be impeding policy progress	['SDG02', 'SDG03']
82910730	Gender, culture and organisational change: Putting theory into practice	"An engaging contribution to the increasing body of knowledge about gender and organizations, Gender, Culture and Organizational Change examines gender-based inequality in organizations and considers how sexual and social relations between women and men based on sexuality, power and control determine the cultures, structures and practices of organization and the experiences of men and women working in them. Gender, Culture and Organizational Change represents a decade of experience of managing change and implementing theory in public sector organizations during a period of major social, political and economic transition and analyses the progress that has been made. It expands to make wider connections with women and trade unions in Europe and management development for women in the ""developing"" countries of Africa and Asia. It will be valuable reading for students in social policy, gender studies and sociology and for professionals with an interest in understanding the dynamics of the workplac"	['SDG05', 'SDG08']
523283132	Using Forensic Accounting to Counter Fraud in Policing		['SDG16']
82976726	Reservations and the determinative function of Human Rights Treaty bodies	A treaty body’s competence to determine the permissibility of a reservation elicits a wide spectrum of opinion. For years many States and observers opposed any suggestion that a treaty body might be competent to adjudge a reservation impermissible. At the same time, States have engaged in ngoing dialogues with treaty bodies over the nature of their reservations signifying some recognition that the topic in the treaty body forum is fair game. The necessity for recognising this competence stems from the passive approach historically taken by States on the issue of reservations to human rights treaties. This passivity has contributed to the general incoherence of the human rights treaty system as evidenced by the large number of seemingly invalid reservations which remain attached to the core human rights treaties. The recent endorsement of this competence by the ILC is clearly a boon to human rights yet it yields only cautious optimism in light of the non-binding nature of treaty body jurisprudence. This article outlines the increasingly dynamic role of human rights treaty bodies and argues that recognising the derminative function of these organs increases coherence in the international human rights system by providing definitive views on the permissibility of reservations	['SDG16']
157841572	Migrant mothers: Performing kin work and belonging across private and public boundaries	This article explores how migrant mothering kin work challenges private and public boundaries, giving rise to new conceptions and practices of citizenship. We highlight the potential of participatory theatre methods - specifically, forum theatre and Playback – for understanding the relationship between mothering, ethnic belonging and citizenship. We also assess the significance of migrant women’s kin work within their families and communities for re-framing notions of citizenship (Erel et al, 2017a, 2018). Our analysis gives particular focus to two scenes developed as part of the participatory theatre project that took place with a group of ethnically and racially diverse mothers in East London. The first scene, entitled ‘Where is my food?’, draws attention to the mothers’ kin work and reproductive labour operating at the boundaries of the public/private dichotomy, and also highlights gendered household dynamics. The second scene, entitled ‘At the community centre’, examines everyday encounters at the centre, and how ‘cultural work’, which is pivotal to the mothers’ kin work, informs intergenerational relations. The article argues for a more embodied understanding of citizenship in order to broaden understanding of migrant mothers’ kin work in making new citizens	['SDG10', 'SDG05']
82978227	Social capital indicators and environmental policies for protected areas	Social capital is an important factor influencing several issues both in individual and collective level. Various indicators have been presented in the relevant literature for its measurement. The most commonly known are: social trust, institutional trust, social networks and social norms. The aim of the chapter is to analyze social capital indicators and to underline their connection with the development of environmental policies. Specifically the influence of social capital indicators on different environmental policy instruments will be presented. Through this analysis the importance of exploring social capital during the formation of environmental policies and the need to develop measurement techniques for this purpose is highlighted. The above issues will also be explored taking as an example environmental policies for the protection of areas with high biodiversity value	['SDG15', 'SDG17']
82976537	Forecasting large explosions at Bezymianny Volcano using thermal satellite data	Large volcanic explosions pose a severe risk to life and cargo by injecting ash into local and international air traffic routes. Prior to exploding, Bezymianny (Kamchatka) commonly shows an increase in lava extrusion rate, which can be detected by satellites as an increase in thermal radiance. Here we present the first method of forecasting explosive eruptions based solely on satellite data. A pattern recognition algorithm using Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) data has been developed based on known precursory trends of increasing radiance prior to 19 explosions at Bezymianny Volcano in 1993–2008. The algorithm retrospectively forecasts 89% of the explosions (100% of the explosions that show precursory increases in thermal radiance), with 71% of alerts issued in the 30 days beforehand. The method also provides the probability of an explosion occurring within a given number of days after an alert is triggered by the algorithm. When applied to independent data, the algorithm correctly provided alerts before the 16 December 2009, 31 May 2010 and 13 April 2011 explosions	['SDG01', 'SDG11', 'SDG13']
523283176	Cyberstalking: Investigating formal intervention and the role of Corporate Social Responsibility	ContextOnline harassment and stalking have been identified with growing accordance as anti-social behaviours, potentially with extreme consequences including indirect or direct physical injury, emotional distress and/or financial loss.ObjectiveAs part of our ongoing work to research and establish better understanding of cyberstalking, this study aims to investigate the role of Police, Mobile Operators, Internet Service Providers (ISPs) and owners/administrators of online platforms (e.g. websites, chatrooms) in terms of intervention in response to offences. We ask to what different authorities do people report incidents of cyberstalking? Do these authorities provide satisfactory responses or interventions? And how can this be improved? Furthermore, we discuss the role of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) to encourage the implementation of cyberstalking-aware schemes by service providers to support victims. In addition, CSR can be used as a means to measure the effects of externality factor in dictating the relationship between the impact of a given individuals’ privacy loss and strategic decisions on investment to security controls in an organisational context.MethodA mixed method design has been used in this study. Data collection took place by means of an online survey made available for three years to record both qualitative and quantitative data. Overall, 305 participants responded from which 274 identified themselves as victims of online harassment.ResultOur results suggest that most offences were communicated through private channels such as emails and/or mobile texts/calls. A significant number of victims did not report this to their service provider because they did not know they could. While Police were recognised as the first-point-of-contact in such cases, 41.6% of our sample did not contact the Police due to reasons such as fear of escalation, guilt/sympathy and self-blaming. Experiences from those who have reported offences to service providers demonstrate that no or very little support was offered. Overall, the majority of participants shared the view that third-party intervention is required on their behalf in order to mitigate risks associated with cyberstalking. An independent specialist anti-stalking organisation was a popular choice to act on their behalf followed by the Police and network providers.ConclusionIncidents are taking place on channels owned and controlled by large, cross-border international companies providing mobile services, webmail and social networking. The lack of support offered to victims in many cases of cyberstalking can be identified as Corporate Social Irresponsibility (CSI). We anticipate that awareness should be raised as regarding service providers’ liability and social responsibility towards adopting better strategies	['SDG16', 'SDG05']
432088984	Reasonable men: Sexual harassment and norms of conduct in social psychology	Sexual harassment has received unprecedented attention in recent years. Within academia, it has a particularly reflexive relationship with the human sciences in which sexual harassment can be both an object of research and a problematic behavior amongst those engaged in that research. This paper offers a partial history in which these two are brought together as a common object of social psychology’s culture of sexual harassment. Here we follow Haraway in using culture to capture the sense-making that psychologists do through and to the side of their formal knowledge production practices. Our history is multi-sited and draws together (1) the use of sexual harassment as an experimental technique, (2) feminist activism and research which made sexual harassment an object of knowledge in social psychology, and (3) oral history accounts of sexual harassment amongst social psychologists. By reading these contexts against each other, we provide a thick description of how sexual harassment initiates women and men into cultures of control in experimental social psychology and highlight the ethical-epistemological dilemma inherent in disciplinary practice	['SDG05']
82977595	Beyond the enclave: towards a critical political economy of China and Africa	This article provides a political economy framework for analysing China’s engagements with Africa. It situates the rise of China in the context of the changing balance of power in the world system and particularly China’s re-entry into spheres of influence in Africa that have been the purview of the former European colonial powers for two centuries or more. It begins by arguing that current approaches to China, Africa and international relations are fragmented in particular ways which prevents the development of a more critical political economy. It then examines a pervasive theme in China–Africa relations, which assumes that the Chinese work through enclaved investments to secure the resources of low-income economies, though in this sense the Chinese are no different from other investors. Where they do differ is in their bundling of aid, trade and FDI and their use of imported labour, which has been termed ‘surgical colonialism’. The article does not dispute the existence of Chinese enclaves, but argues that we need more empirical evidence on the levels of labour importation in relation to local labour market conditions. This requires a more nuanced understanding of state–capital dynamics in those countries where the Chinese operate although the model appears to be one of elite brokerage. However, the enclaved investments and inter-elite bargaining are only part of the story and the closing sections analyse the role of independent Chinese businesses in Africa’s social and political development, which moves us beyond the enclave	['SDG17', 'SDG08', 'SDG09']
82911762	Identifying indicators of atmospheric nitrogen deposition impacts in acid grasslands	Atmospheric deposition of nitrogen has become a serious concern for nature conservation managers and policy makers. It has the potential to reduce species richness, increase the graminoid component of the sward, encourage species typical of more fertile conditions and alter the soil biogeochemistry of grasslands. Calcifugous grasslands (grasslands found on acid soils) are among the most sensitive to N deposition due to their poorly buffered soils and species typical of nutrient poor environments.Indicators have an important role to play in detecting the impact of nitrogen deposition on sites of conservation importance and assessing conservation status. This study investigates potential indicators of nitrogen deposition impacts that could be incorporated into site condition monitoring programmes such as the UK Common Standards Monitoring.Using two national surveys of calcifugous grasslands we examined the potential for using: the presence or absence of indicator species, the cover of indicator species, the species richness and richness of functional groups, and the cover of functional groups as indicators of N deposition impacts. Of all the potential indicators investigated, graminoid:forb ratio was found to be the best indicator of N deposition impacts. It showed a significant relationship to N deposition in both data sets and is quick and easy to assess in the field. Vegetation indicators must be used with caution as there is potential for vegetation management regime and nutrients from other sources to cause similar changes in species composition. Consideration must be given to these before attributing changes to nitrogen deposition	['SDG13', 'SDG15']
523283154	Oil rent, the Rentier State/Resource Curse Narrative and the GCC Countries	Despite the fact that ‘rent’ underpins both Rentier State (RS) and Resource Curse (RC) theses, external factors that help shape perceptions of it and determine its value, are rarely factored in. The purpose of this article is to suggest reasons for this shortcoming and, with particular reference to the ‘archetypal candidate’ Gulf Cooperation Council  countries, question the utility per se of the RS/RC paradigm (RS outcomes can only manifest within RC contexts). To explain the default and longstanding utilisation of the construct across the social sciences—in spite of the frequent need to detour around contrary data—this paper points firstly to the way in which rent is now popularly perceived (from logically grounded, to excessively unwarranted) and secondly, to the fact that ‘oil’ lies at the paradigm’s heart. It is a commodity that various Western polities once had unfettered control over; no other depletable natural resource in the past century has held such global economic significance (external actors clearly have a vested interest). Lastly, to underscore the need for a reappraisal of the RS/RC analytical framework, some data is presented that demonstrates the GCC countries have not, comparatively-speaking, suffered the deleterious consequences that the paradigm stipulates	['SDG08']
598036620	Guidelines for good practice in supporting students in the workplace		['SDG04']
82911767	LGBT Issues: Looking beyond categories	A thought-provoking resource for anyone concerned with sexuality and gender identity in health and social care settings. Drawing on current research and debates, the contributors explore some of the tensions between the different ways in which sexuality is understood and experienced. A focus of the book is on how categories like ‘lesbian’, ‘gay’, ‘bisexual’, and ‘trans’ shape everyday practice and service use. It looks at the circumstances in which people choose to describe themselves with these identity labels and the situations in which they reject or feel constrained by them. A particular feature of the book is its combination of a nuanced understanding of the nature of sexual identities with practice-relevant and grounded examples taken from health and social care settings, with a Scottish focus.Intended primarily for a practitioner audience and for those studying in the field of health and social care this volume will also interest academics and an international audience because of its distinctive theoretical sophistication about the nature of sexual identities	['SDG03', 'SDG05']
573839875	Exploring the Transitions of Neurodivergent Access Students to Level One Study: Narratives of Study Skills and Support	Sharing research findings and impact and way forward from our research on neuro diversity	['SDG04']
82983747	Developments in the Management of Human Resources: An Analytical Review	Draws on 350 in-depth interviews with managers at all levels in a number of core companies to examine the changing shape of employment management	['SDG08']
82911087	Youth justice	About the book:Criminal Justice provides a thought-provoking and critical introduction to the challenges faced by the UK's criminal justice system including policing, sentencing and punishment at the beginning of the 21st Century. Expert contributors present an overview of particular areas of the criminal justice system or issues relevant to its operation, outlining the political and historical context, detailing key legislation, policies and procedures, and challenging students to engage with current debates	['SDG16']
82983869	Exploring parents' cultural models of mathematical knowledge in multiethnic primary schools	One of the key obstacles in the relationship between home and school numeracy practices is that often they are conceptualised by the school as being the same practice. There is an assumption that parents will interpret and give the same meaning to the mathematics embedded in a practice as the child's teacher and school. It is not uncommon, that schools and teachers have expectations about specific ways parents can use everyday practices to engage their children with school-like mathematics. Empirical studies, mostly conducted in non-Western cultures, have shown that different ways of dealing with mathematical practices in and outside school are deeply related with the historical, cultural and social context of these practices. However, the dynamics of these relationships in culturally diverse societies have yet to be fully investigated. Taking a cultural-developmental psychology approach in this chapter we draw on parents' interviews conducted as part of studies aimed at understanding the mediating role of parents in their child's mathematics learning in multicultural schools in England. In these studies we examine how parents represent and orchestrate practices in supporting their child's numeracy learning. We take into account both the parents 'unique' cultural heritage (e.g. Pakistani, English, etc.) and the parents 'shared' socio-cultural experiences resulting from having a child in a school in England. We are interested in exploring and conceptualising how parents' understandings are constructed in light of their interactions with the child's school learning. Perspectives of the parents are triangulated with those of their children and teachers	['SDG04']
82977600	Enhancing carers' experiences of mental health services	This article suggests that relational approaches and carer-centred practice in mental health and other services might alleviate some of the burden on the health - both physical and mental - experienced by informal carers.  Carer-centred practice requires professionals to identify and develop relationships with carers, appreciate interdependencies and the complexity of need, and involve family members and friends of the service user as expert partners in care	['SDG10', 'SDG03']
82978268	Sources of colloidal and dissolved loads over the hydrological cycle in Siberian rivers	High latitude permafrost-dominated areas such as Central Siberia present an atypical hydrological cycle punctuated by an important spring flood resulting from snow melting. However, chemical variations in river waters associated to these hydrological variations are rarely taken into account in environmental geochemistry studies. This study aims to work out how the highly contrasted hydrological cycle and the presence of permafrost influence the temporal pattern of chemical element migration. For this purpose, major and trace element concentrations as well as Sr and U isotopic ratios were analyzed in the dissolved load of two Siberian rivers regularly sampled over two hydrological cycles (2005-2007), Nizhniya Tunguska and Kochchumo rivers, following the classical approaches used in the lab (e.g. [1]). Our results highlight that DOC and traditionnaly insoluble elements such as Al and Fe, but also REE and Th, are mobilized as a major colloidal flux at the spring flood and to a lesser extent during the summer period. The data show the occurrence of two colloid sources, successively involved over time: during the spring flood, the main source of colloids is the uppermost organic soil horizon whereas later in summer colloids come mainly from deeper soil compartments. Similarly, the results point out that the dissolved load of these rivers have to be explained in terms of mixing between deep underground brines that dominate during winter and a summer suprapermafrost flow draining deep soils, with a minor contribution of shallow soil layers during spring flood. It is critical to consider these temporal variations in the intensity and in the nature of dissolved geochemical flux in order to establish reliable chemical budgets and to evaluate weathering rates in boreal regions	['SDG13', 'SDG14', 'SDG06']
598036584	Multiple and Multi-dimensional Life Transitions of World Transplant Athletes	Transplant Games are sports competitions open to transplant athletes (TxA) aiming to promote sport among organ recipients, donors, and the wider community. There is some emerging evidence that preparing for and participating in Transplant Games might help to improve motivation, and mental and physical health of TxA. Nonetheless, most literature takes a medical or social care perspective on the experience of transplant recipients, with limited research focussed on the lived experiences and transitions of TxA and their direct social networks (e.g., partner, family, friends). Using the Multiple and Multi-dimensional transitions (MMT) framework of Jindal-Snape (2020), this mixed methods research used an embedded case-study approach and analysed in-depth the multiple and multi-dimensional lived transitions of four UK TxA who received a kidney transplant from an unrelated donor and became cyclists/triathletes. Substantial differences were reported in how participants coped with these transitions, and how they were actively or passively supported, encouraged, and sometimes discouraged by their direct social networks. This study shows that TxA and their stakeholders need to be more aware of the potential impact of direct social networks on TxA transitions	['SDG10', 'SDG03']
82978270	Origin of calcium isotope fractionation in river waters: evidence from the Strengbach catchment, France		['SDG06']
82974132	Routledge Handbook of Surveillance Studies	Surveillance is a central organizing practice. Gathering personal data and processing them in searchable databases drives administrative efficiency but also raises questions about security, governance, civil liberties and privacy. Surveillance is both globalized in cooperative schemes, such as sharing biometric data, and localized in the daily minutiae of social life. This innovative Handbook explores the empirical, theoretical and ethical issues around surveillance and its use in daily life. With a collection of over forty essays from the leading names in surveillance studies, the Handbook takes a truly multi-disciplinary approach to critically question issues of:•surveillance and population control•policing, intelligence and war•production and consumption•new media•security•identification•regulation and resistance. The Routledge Handbook of Surveillance Studies is an international, accessible, definitive and comprehensive overview of the rapidly growing multi-disciplinary field of surveillance studies. The Handbook’s direct, authoritative style will appeal to a wide range of scholars and students in the social sciences, arts and humanities	['SDG16']
82912449	Determining the levels of volatile organic pollutants in urban air using a gas chromatography-mass spectrometry method	The paper presents the application of a method based on coupled gas chromatography-mass spectrometry, using an isotopically labelled internal standard for the quantitative analysis of benzene (B), toluene (T), ethyl benzene (E), and o-, m-, p-xylenes (X). Their atmospheric concentrations were determined based on short-term sampling, in different sites of Cluj-Napoca, a highly populated urban centre in N-W Romania, with numerous and diversified road vehicles with internal combustion engines. The method is relatively inexpensive and simple and shows good precision and linearity in the ranges of 7–60 μg/m3 (B), 13–90 μg/m3 (T), 7–50 μg/m3 (E), 10–70 μg/m3 (X-m,p), and 20–130 μg/m3 (X-o). The limits of quantitation/detection of the method LOQ/LOD are of 10/5 μg/m3 (Xo), 5/3 μg/m3 (B, E, X-m,p), and of 3/1 μg/m3 (T), respectively	['SDG11', 'SDG03']
82977568	Using mobile devices for learning in informal settings: is it motivating?	Informal evidence supports an argument that using mobile devices for informal learning can be motivating.  This paper will consider evidence from the literature in one particular area of mobile learning - informal science learning and also present a brief study of how people use mobile devices in their informal learning.  Finally it will briefly review the motivaiton literature to consider this issue further	['SDG04']
82912738	Making science education evidence based? reflections on a Teaching and Learning Research Programme (TLRP) study	There are some important ambiguities in discussions about the implications of ‘evidence‐based practice’, both for educational research and for the work of teachers. In this paper we explore several of these through examining the Evidence‐based Practice in Science Education (EPSE) study—part of the Teaching and Learning Research Programme (TLRP), a major UK research initiative that is explicitly committed to improving the contribution of educational research to policymaking and practice. The field of science education is in some ways a critical case, given that the notion of evidence‐based practice treats scientific research as a privileged source of evidence. We examine the assumptions built into the EPSE study, and how these relate to the classical medical model of evidence‐based practice, and to some other approaches to educational research that are concerned with closing the gap with practice	['SDG04']
82912752	School learning: the cultural resources required by pupils to answer a teacher's question		['SDG04']
82978257	Research review: Childhood maltreatment and executive functioning during adolescence	Research over the past decade indicates that adolescents who have experienced childhood maltreatment have more emotional and behavioural disturbances and less socially desirable or adaptive behaviours than typically developing adolescents. These difficulties are consistent with weaknesses in executive functioning skills. Executive functioning (EF), which involves higher order thinking and reasoning skills, is considered to be critically important for complex human behaviour. Adolescence is a period of marked neurodevelopmental change, particularly in the regions of the brain that deals with EF. During this period youngsters are in the process of acquiring higher-order, abstract cognitive skills as well as coping with the normal pressures of teenage life. EF skills may therefore be critical at this time and may explain the cognitive and behavioural difficulties that maltreated adolescents’ experience. However, despite evidence to suggest that the overwhelming stress of childhood maltreatment leads to adverse effects on brain development, research into maltreatment and EF is still limited, particularly using adolescent samples. After a brief introduction to childhood maltreatment, an overview of recent findings will be provided, with first a consideration of the general effects of maltreatment on cognitive achievements and behavioural regulation, followed by an examination of the role of developmental period, severity and type of abuse. Theories about EF will then be outlined, concluding with a consideration of the effects of maltreatment specifically on EF	['SDG16', 'SDG03', 'SDG04']
82974120	Exploring the 'social' of social work practice in palliative care	Social work, as one of the ‘psy’ professions (Foucault, 1977), is practised in a variety of sectors including education, the criminal justice system and health care. Palliative care, as a specialist form of health care practice with people who have life-limiting illness, has a multi-professional approach to care drawing on the expertise of clinicians, physiotherapists, complementary health practitioners and social workers. Delivered in hospitals, care homes, hospices and in the community, palliative care has been widely lauded for its holistic person-centred approach. The benefits of effective pain-control and the management of symptoms to enable dying people to have a ‘good death’, has led to an increased emphasis on the medicalised aspects of the palliative care model (Watts, 2010). The role of social work has thus received a lower profile in the palliative care literature, this despite claims for the importance of multi-professional working. This paper uses a case-study approach to explore the role of social work in palliative care. A range of case examples will be used to draw out the complex and challenging nature of social work practice in this often sensitive and highly charged context. Family conflict, unresolved and anticipatory grief and relationship breakdown are some of the issues that social workers must address as they support individuals and families in regaining control of their situations at, what is often, a very stressful time in their lives	['SDG10', 'SDG03']
82978267	Seasonal variations of chemical composition of soil porewaters, streams and rivers in basaltic watersheds of central Siberia: the origin of river dissolved load in the permafrost zone	Rivers and streams draining basalts in Central Siberia allow thorough evaluation of the intensity of chemical weathering and its potential change induced by permafrost degradation. In order to get new insights to the origin of dissolved and suspended matter in this important subarctic region, we follow continuously over 4 years the chemical composition of dissolved load in two large rivers (N. Tunguska and Kochechumo), small experimental watershed (Kulingdakan) in the Yenissey River Basin and interstitial soils solutions from different landscape positions and soil horizons. The site (Tura, 64oN, 100oE) offers a unique opportunity for studying the processes occurring at high and low permafrost distribution watersheds. Indeed, at global scale we deal with two equivalent size rivers draining the northern and southern part of the Central Siberia (Kochechumo River and N. Tunguska River, respectively). At the local scale, there are north-facing and south-facing slopes of the watershed that receive equivalent precipitation but exhibit totally different heat input and consequently above-ground biomass and active layer thickness. There is a clear and strongly pronounced seasonal variability in trace and major elements concentration and organic carbon (OC) over the hydrological cycle with most of OC and trace element flux occurring during the spring flood. In summer time, the north-facing slope acts as a primary source of water and dissolved elements to the river as it exhibits the lowest thickness of the active layer. Indeed, the chemical composition of the suprapermafrost flow and that of the river water are very similar. In contrast, the south-facing slopes, although they exhibit twice higher concentrations of OC and TE in porewaters, do not deliver enough fluids to the river as these fluids are fully absorbed by thick active layer, mosses and vascular vegetation. Nevertheless, in early spring, the degradation products of plant litter from the S-facing slopes are abundant in stream waters. In winter time, when all soil fluid migration is stopped and the small rivers are fully frozen, the main source of solutes to the large rivers become groundwaters located in the thawed zone below the river channel. In collaboration with other researches, our results should allow quantitative modeling of the evolution of large boreal continental systems under global warming accompanied by the shift from the permafrost-dominating to permafrost-free environments	['SDG13', 'SDG14', 'SDG15', 'SDG06']
82908581	Speaking and Listening: never a better time	Taking as its starting point the Rose Review’s endorsement of ‘a language-rich curriculum’ the article discusses the value of talk as a learning medium, examining types of talk, the work of Douglas Barnes and Neil Mercer, and practical classroom activities	['SDG04']
82908586	Non-traditional students in Higher Education: English as an additional language and literacies	The chapter is a case study of the links between schooling and higher education in the experiences and strategies of students learning English as an Additional Language (EAL) in monolingual English academic contexts. Drawing on interviews with and observations of students learning EAL and participating in a Higher Education Widening Participation program in the United Kingdom, the authors analyse the challenges and demands of acquiring and using academic literacies in English as these learners make the transition from secondary school to university	['SDG04']
187751122	Competition and the performance of microfinance institutions	This article examines the relationship between competition and the performance of Microfinance Institutions (MFIs). We measure competition by constructing a Lerner index. Next, we assess the association between increased competition among MFIs on the one hand and outreach and loan repayment performance of individual MFIs on the other. The empirical investigation is based on data from 362 MFIs in 73 countries for the period 1995–2008. Based on our analysis we do find a general trend of increased competition in microfinance during the last decade. Moreover, our econometric analysis provides evidence that competition among MFIs is negatively associated with their outreach and repayment performance	['SDG01', 'SDG08']
82921153	Learners experiences: how pervasive and integrative tools influence expectations of study	The opening paragraphs of any recent policy documents are a testimony to the recognised importance of e-learning in education. As the case studies in this book also attest, e-learning models and theories, simulations, computer modelling and social software are now an integral part of most learners’ experience and environment. Similarly, institutions now recognise the strategic importance of ICT and have central policies in place to ensure that there is a technical infrastructure available to support all aspects of the learner’s lifecycle; from recruitment through to assessment	['SDG04']
210588996	Picturing Genocide in the Independent State of Croatia: Atrocity Images and the Contested Memory of the Second World War in the Balkans	Picturing Genocide in the Independent State of Croatia examines the role which atrocity photographs played, and continue to play, in shaping the public memory of the Second World War in the countries of the former Yugoslavia. Focusing on visual representations of one of the most controversial and politically divisive episodes of the war - genocidal violence perpetrated against Serbs, Jews, and Roma by the pro-Nazi Ustasha regime in the Independent State of Croatia (1941-1945) - the book examines the origins and history of the relevant atrocity images, and charts their post-war fate. It scrutinizes the institutional dynamic behind the collection and preservation of images of the genocide, and considers how they were used to represent the region's violent past in public exhibitions, books and the press, in film and television documentaries, and other settings, between 1945 and the present. In analysing the changing importance, visibility and interpretation of atrocity images, first in socialist Yugoslavia and later also in its successor states, the book pays special attention to the politics of the atrocity photograph. It explores how images were strategically and selectively mobilized at different times, and by different memory communities and stakeholders, to do different things: justify retribution against political opponents in the immediate aftermath of the war, sustain the discourses of national unity on which socialist Yugoslavia was founded, or, in the post-communist era, prop-up different nationalist agendas, and in many ways 'frame' the Yugoslav wars of the 1990s.In exploring this hitherto neglected aspect of Yugoslav history and visual culture, the book offers important insights into a number of issues of broader contemporary relevance. These include the political and emotional impact of violent images, and the intricate nexus of political, cultural and psychological factors which account for their enduring power to shape the collective memory of mass violence	['SDG16']
82920789	Consumer trust in the online retail context: exploring the antecedents and consequences	This empirical paper explores the antecedents and consequences of trust in the online retail context and examines the moderating role of consumers' familiarity with a Web site in the relationship between Web site quality and trust. Data were collected with an online questionnaire. The research highlights the importance of the Web site interface in consumer online behavior by systematically examining how different quality features affect consumer trust. A multidimensional view of Web site quality with the following dimensions is developed: Web site usability, security and privacy assurance, and product information quality. Trust is shown to lead to positive consequences, such as the formation of positive attitudes and behavioral intentions toward the Web site. The study also identifies the moderating role of Web site familiarity in the relationships between aspects of Web site quality and trust. The implications for e-retailers in terms of Web site design and marketing communications strategy are explored	['SDG12', 'SDG08', 'SDG09']
82906406	A Practice-Centered Approach to Management Education	In this chapter we argue for a practice-centered approach to post-graduate management education. We set our arguments in the broader context of the nature of professional learning and expertise, and begin by considering the nature of professional knowing, the nature of professional  expertise and the ways in which professionals learn. To sustain our arguments, we draw on our research on the learning of other professional groups such as teachers and financial traders in investment banks. In particular, we argue that designing learning environments and experiences should replace the current emphasis on organizing curriculum ‘content. To illustrate one way that a practice-centered pedagogy might be approached we describe a portion of the post-graduate management curriculum at the Open University and the way in which the program learning design revolves around a series of dialogues: between different disciplinary perspectives on management; between theory and practice; and between participants different experiences of the world. We conclude with some proposals for a practice-centered teaching and research agend	['SDG04']
490818791	Fostering (Critical) digital teaching competence through virtual exchange	This chapter reports on findings in relation to one of the sub-questions that the Evaluating and Upscaling Telecollaborative Teacher Education (EVALUATE) project, an Erasmus+ funded European Policy Experimentation (EPE), set out to address. We explore how online (language) teacher trainees are best supported in developing critical digital literacy as framed by Darvin (2017) and Morris (2017) as well as critical digital teaching competence, which remains underexplored in Virtual Exchange (VE)-based teacher education. The insights gained from a close examination of one EVALUATE exchange highlight how crucial systematic reflective evaluation of the processes the trainees are involved in is for competence development in VE contexts	['SDG04', 'SDG09']
151170842	‘Female Husbands’, Community and Courts in the Eighteenth Century	While there was no specific law prohibiting sex between women in the eighteenth century, some women were prosecuted as a consequence of same-sex relationships. These ‘female husbands’, women who married other women under male identities, often lived highly individual lifestyles; but their path through prosecution and punishment involved a much more intricate web of relations. Thus an exploration of their cases highlights important features of the contemporary criminal justice system as well as popular and elite attitudes to the specific offences. In particular, understandings of the role of the community in the discovery, prosecution, and punishment of criminal offences are complicated by an examination of the female husband cases. In a crucial period of change for the legal system, the complexities of its processes as well as the impact of class, gender, and culture are exposed. Light is shed upon the shifting roles and interests of the individual, the local community, and the courts at a point when criminal cases were in the early stages of a shift from private prosecution and public punishment to greater formality and state control. These unusual cases bring into focus the complex role of community relationships in an evolving legal system	['SDG05', 'SDG10', 'SDG16']
574734472	The Influence of Gender Dynamics on Women’s Experiences in Martial Arts: A Scoping Review	Women are underrepresented in martial arts participation compared to men. The aim of this scoping review was to understand how gender dynamics influence women’s experiences of martial arts, in order to inform future interventions and policies which could increase the participation of women in martial arts. Fifty-three studies were eligible for inclusion and thematic analysis was used to identify they key themes across the literature. The seven themes identified included: martial arts as a tool for improving gender relations, use of martial arts to challenge societal gender norms, women’s empowerment through martial arts training, problematic mixed-gender contact, expectation for women to conform to gender norms, martial arts as men’s space, and patriarchy in martial arts. Overall whilst there was evidence some women had positive experiences of gender dynamics in martial arts, and that women’s experiences are improving over time, the review highlighted that women can be excluded from martial arts as a result of traditional hierarchies, gender norms and problems associated with mixed-gender contact	['SDG10', 'SDG05']
552802589	Evaluation of the effects of natural isoquinoline alkaloids on low density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) and proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) in hepatocytes, as new potential hypocholesterolemic agents	Nine different isoquinoline alkaloids, berberine, govaniadine, stylopine, adlumine, adlumidine, bicuculline, sanguinarine, protopine and californidine have been evaluated for their effects on a cellular model of hepatocyte for their effect on low density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) and proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) expression compared to simvastatin. Berberine, californidine and govaniadine induced LDLR with an effect similar to 2.5 µM simvastatin. Californidine and berberine at tested doses reduced the expression of PCSK9, with an opposite behaviour to simvastatin on this target. Govaniadine, on the other hand, showed a statin-like effect, although less potently, by increasing both LDLR and PCSK9 levels. Berberine californidine and govaniadine were then tested on the same cellular model to assess possible effect of reduction of total cholesterol, compared to simvastatin. All compounds were able to reduce total cholesterol level in the hepatocytes	['SDG12', 'SDG03']
552802602	Selective Phase Transfer Reagents (OxP‐crowns) for Chromogenic Detection of Nitrates Especially Ammonium Nitrate	Nitrogen and phosphorus-containing ions such as ammonium, nitrates and phosphates are anthropogenic pollutants while ammonium nitrate may be diverted for nefarious purposes in improvised explosive devices. Crown ether-oxoporphyrinogen conjugates (OxP-crowns) are used to selectively detect nitrates, especially their ion pairs with K+ and NH4+, based on ion pair complexation of OxP-crowns under phase transfer conditions. The presence of phosphate and carbonate lead to deprotonation of OxP-crowns. OxP-1N18C6 is capable of extracting ion pairs with nitrate from aqueous phase leading to a selective chromogenic response. Deprotonation of the OxP moiety leads to [OxP−]-1N18C6[K+] and is promoted by crown ether selective cation binding coupled with hydration of basic oxoanions, which are constrained to remain in the aqueous phase. This work illustrates the utility of molecular design to exploit partitioning and ion hydration effects establishing the selectivity of the chromogenic response	['SDG11', 'SDG06', 'SDG12']
158977698	Technologies for care – the imperative for upskilling carers	Ageing populations, coupled with increasing retirement ages and lower ratios of workers to retirees, are negatively impacting health and social care resources (European Commission 2015). Currently, 11.8% of Northern Ireland (NI) residents are carers (Carers Trust 2017) but it is predicted that by 2025 the number of people aged over 65 will increase by 42% (NISRA 2015).  These projections place increasing demands on carers, especially when considered within the ‘changing ethos of health care in NI’ towards a self-management model (NIPEC 2012). Carers increasingly use the internet for health information, yet worldwide many people lack health literacy and/or digital skills (International Longevity Centre 2012). The EU-funded DISCOVER project involved over 650 carers, careworkers and stakeholders in co-designing and co-producing an online learning platform to enhance health literacy, and digital and caring skills and enable carers to share supportive practices to help reduce social isolation. Surveys and interviews revealed (Waights 2015a) that carers and care workers gained new digital skills (59% and 67%), and increased their knowledge of health conditions (83% and 71%) and technologies for care (89% and 76%). DISCOVER enhanced participants’ wellbeing and over 80% would recommend DISCOVER to others (Waights 2015a). Healthcare professionals reported that through DISCOVER carers and care workers participated more knowledgeably in consultations with care recipients. Recommendations for policy makers and health care professionals include: ensuring seamless linking between care workers, carers, services, information and online communities via ‘one stop shops’, enabling care-home residents to use digital devices, reducing the mismatch between technologies and older people through co-production (Waights 2015b), accelerating the NHS app approval process and linkage of data from approved apps to clinicians and other health care professionals	['SDG10', 'SDG03', 'SDG04', 'SDG08']
82909161	Distance learners of German and intercultural competence	The article describes a research project undertaken with advanced adult learners of German at a distance at The Open University, United Kingdom. Their gains in intercultural competence were investigated by looking at how far the students met the prescribed learning outcomes, their knowledge items, language skills, attitudes towards Germans and their assessment results. The findings show that this particular group of learners felt that they had achieved the different requirements of the stated learning outcomes to a surprisingly high level and demonstrated a high level of intercultural competence. In addition, these learners were able to articulate their opinions of commonly held attitudes and stereotypical views about Germans and offered reflective insights into why their personal attitudes differed in many respects from more commonly held views.  Keywords: Distance language learning; Learning outcomes; Intercultural competenc	['SDG04']
603402960	An ecological, multilingual approach to language learning with newly reunited refugee families in Scotland	Although academic literature and Scotland's refugee integration strategy recommend multilingual, decolonising approaches, language classes for refugees in Scotland usually focus only on the target language (English) and are predominantly teacher-led. This paper argues that newly reunited refugee families can be better supported through an ecological, multilingual approach by presenting empirical data from a five-month teaching study using qualitative methods (semi-structured interviews, observations, autoethnographic fieldnotes). Using Critical Participatory Action Research (CPAR) and decolonising methodology, the teacher/researcher became a learner of the participants’ languages to explore the shift in learner/teacher power dynamics created through mutual language learning sessions as linguistic hospitality. The findings illustrate the participants’ increased feelings of confidence and empowerment in their learning. The approach complements existing community language classes	['SDG10', 'SDG16', 'SDG04']
599584774	Familiar Violence: A History of Child Abuse	Child abuse casts a long shadow over the history of childhood. Across the centuries there are numerous accounts of children being beaten, neglected, sexually assaulted, or even killed by those closest to them. This book explores this darker side of childhood history, looking at what constituted cruelty towards children in the past and at the social responses towards it. Focusing primarily on England, it is a history of violence against children in their own homes, covering a large timeframe which extends from medieval times to the present.Undeniably, the experience of children in the past was often brutal, and children were treated with, what seems to contemporary mores, callousness, and cruelty. However, historians have paid far less attention to how the mistreatment of children was understood within its contemporary context. Most parents, both now and in the past, loved their children and there have always been widely shared understandings of the boundaries that separate the acceptable treatment of children from the intolerable and morally wrong. This book will examine how these boundaries have changed and been contested over time and, in doing so, provides a context to the many forms of violence experienced by children in the past	['SDG16', 'SDG05']
490701090	Inclusion and exclusion in professional management education and learning: A deliberative approach to conferences	Unconferences are non-hierarchical, participant driven, self-managed meeting formats which seek to avoid top-down hierarchical knowledge transmission found within traditional conferences. This articles explores how unconferencing, which aspires to the participatory ideals of Habermasian deliberative exchange, can contribute to inclusivity within conferences and Critical Management Education (CME) more generally. Informed by empirical data collected at four unconferences we explore how they encourage a move: i) from exclusion towards inclusion of individual voices; ii) from hierarchical towards horizontal group learning and iii) from passive disengagement towards a spirit of engagement and inclusion. Drawing on the deliberative feminist critique of the Habermasian foundations of CME, we highlight the implicit assumptions around inclusion within unconferencing at the individual, group and structural levels. We argue that by adopting these more explicitly inclusive practices management education can be opened up to a broader range of voices. In doing so the article demonstrates the potential of unconferences as a way of rethinking professional management education that challenges power-relations and can increase inclusivity	['SDG10', 'SDG04']
82983058	"Afterword to ""Writer Identity and the Teaching and Learning of Writing"""	As editors of this volume, we sought a range of viewpoints, including examples of new empirical research, to illuminate the nature of writer identity and its relationship to the teaching of writing. In reflecting on the contributions published here, we draw a number of implications which, taken collectively, constitute a kind of call for action - for teacher education and research.It is clear that all of us, who are members of literate societies, have histories as writers which contribute to the process whereby we construct personal narratives about what it means to write and be a writer. Some of these narratives are stories of struggle, classroom alienation, indifferent response and failure. Others are stories of writing as a portal to self-realisation, empowerment and mastery in relation to various domains of learning. There is, of course, a wealth of hard and anecdotal evidence linking the classroom experiences of students, the behaviour and practices of teachers, and the narratives of writing identity that form and reform in our students as they travel through the compulsory school sector and into adulthood – where some of them decide to become teachers.These personal narratives matter for a range of reasons. They constitute the baggage that teachers take into their pre-service education, and will for good or ill impact on their formation as teachers of writing. They also matter because they will shape the predispositions of all adults, who have been subject to the formal education system, in respect of writing as an activity (personal or professional) and a potential dimension of their identity.  These predispositions will inevitably have a role in determining the nature of the literacy practices in many homes, and in part may determine the relationship between these and local school practices.Let us be clear that while all of us have writing identities of one sort or another, based on our personal narratives and our subscribed-to discourses or stories about what it means to be a writer that are implicit in our beliefs and practices, positioning ourselves as writers in our relationships with others, especially in our work settings, is a different matter – an assertion of a different order. We might call this our performed or enacted writing identity, it involves the subtle or overt claiming of a dimension of self that asserts that writing is a crucial element of who we are (ontology) and how we come to know (epistemology). It is also political, because it signifies that being a writer, and articulating my understandings as a writer, are a warrant for my claiming that what I say is valid and worthy of note	['SDG04']
82978980	Reflections: towards a mindful sexual and relationship therapy		['SDG03']
82983064	Learning to Teach in the Primary School (2nd edition)	Teaching in primary schools has sometimes been thought of as having a somewhat lower status than ‘real’ teaching – that is, teaching a proper subject in a proper school, which means a secondary school. Primary teaching, so the folklore tells us, is just looking after young children until they get to the ‘proper’ school – showing them how to hold a pencil, wiping their noses, telling them a story or two, but not actually teaching them too much of real importance. Those (fairly rare) teachers who have made the change from teaching in secondary schools to primary schools often ﬁnd that parents, even pupils, ask them why they have ‘come down here’, the idea that someone might voluntarily choose primary teaching over secondary being a hard one to grasp. Thankfully, at least in ofﬁcial quarters, the image of primary teaching has changed and we now recognise that primary school is a crucial period, perhaps the most crucial, in children’s learning. During this time children have to be taught those complex skills that are the foundation of all the learning they will do in the rest of their lives. It is primary teachers who teach children to read, to write, to manipulate numbers and to observe, record and question their experiences of the world, and who provide them with opportunities that stimulate their imaginations and expand their worlds. It is also primary teachers who help to foster positive attitudes and creative learning dispositions, as well as develop children’s interpersonal skills and collaborative capacities. Far from being seen as childminders with little expertise, primary teachers are now viewed as professional learning enablers, possessing a wide subject knowledge base and a rich understanding of child development and teaching and learning, both within and beyond the classroom. This book serves as a core professional handbook for trainee teachers to support them as they develop their skills and competences, passions and practices as reflective primary teachers	['SDG04']
131316555	Practices of attention, possibilities for care: Making situations matter in food safety inspection	In this article the authors explore how attention and care are related in practice, as encountered in their ethnographic fieldwork on food safety inspection in the UK. Noting that there is a tendency to conceptually conflate the two activities within recent literatures, the authors tease apart the attention and care of inspection to propose that attention offers the conditions of possibility for care, and that its quality can shape that care in significant ways. Attention in this account does not involve simply a visual culture of surveillance, but includes the diverse range of sensory, bodily engagements through which the situations of animal and food production are made to matter. The study explores how three aspects of this version of attention – ecological, economical and educational – interact at a moment of significant regulatory change to leave key methods of supporting and improving the situations of food businesses vulnerable and difficult to sustain. The article concludes by reflecting on the general and specific implications of this way of thinking about attention for how care in policy practice is understood, valued and protected	['SDG12', 'SDG02']
82958438	Technologies for Open Learning in Collaborative Communities	The purpose of this paper is to discuss about the uses of knowledge media technologies to promote open learning in online communities. The “openness” movement has been opening up new opportunites for e-learning such as free access to information, cooperative production, collaborative learning, and broad sharing. Open educational resources and freeware innovative tools provide new strategies for people to learn and work together. The project openlearn developed by OU – UK aims to disseminate widely high quality learning materials and tools for engaging online communities to learn, reconstruct and share knowledge around the world. Openlearn created in platform Moodle integrates three knowledge media technologies: MSG for instant messaging; Flashmeeting for web videoconference and Compendium for knowledge mapping. These three tools can be used to foster online communities for open learming. Teachers, students and researchers can find new peers and keeping in contact. Through knowledge maps they can select relevant network of information, interpret content, reconstruct and share meanings	['SDG09', 'SDG04']
82978981	Special issue: System innovation – towards sustainable agriculture. Introduction		['SDG12', 'SDG15', 'SDG02']
82978986	Public engagement, knowledge transfer, and impact validity	Public engagement and knowledge transfer are now necessary supplements to academic research and teaching activity for university-based psychologists in the United Kingdom. However, a “deficit model” of public understanding is often assumed by national policies. We argue that bidirectional approaches between researchers and concerned communities are necessary, and that bidirectional transfer recognizes different kinds of expertise and experience. We argue further that researchers working in the field of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) psychology have routinely been engaged in bidirectional translational work, by drawing on historical and recent examples. Bidirectional models of knowledge transfer do not resolve all of the potential problems that arise during public engagement. For example, it is not clear how academics should respond when end users do not accept their findings. However, involving concerned communities is clearly necessary to achieving, and maximizing, impact validity and LGBT psychologists have long been at the forefront of so doing	['SDG10', 'SDG04']
82982973	Perceptions of the learning environment, learning preferences, and approaches to studying among medical students in Pakistan	Students at a Pakistani medical college were surveyed using instruments taken from Western research. The students who rated their courses positively tended to adopt an organised approach in their learning and studying. The students who perceived that their assessment and workload were inappropriate preferred a transmissive approach to teaching and adopted a surface approach in their learning and studying. The students who preferred a student-centred approach to teaching tended to adopt a deep approach in their learning and studying. This confirms the idea, well established in Western research, that there exists a strong relationship between students’ perceptions of their courses and the approaches that they adopt on those courses. However, the incorporation of problem-based learning in the medical curriculum had not led to any enhancement of their perceptions and preferences, nor had it led to an unambiguous improvement in their approaches to studying. This is attributed to the hybrid nature of their programmes, in which problem-based activities were combined with more conventional forms of teaching and assessment, and to the anxiety and stress which seem to be common among students at medical schools in Pakistan	['SDG03', 'SDG04']
82904318	Towards sustainable higher education: environmental impacts of conventional campus, print-based and electronic/open learning systems	This chapter summarises the methods and main findings of a study of the environmental impacts of providing HE courses by campus-based and distance/open learning methods.Methodology\udSurveys of 20 UK courses – 13 campus-based, 7 print-based and on-line distance learning courses – covering travel, paper and print consumption, computing, accommodation, and campus site impacts. Conversion of results into energy and CO2 emissions per student per 100 hours of degree study.FindingsPart-time HE courses reduce energy and CO2 emissions by 60% compared to full-time campus-based courses and distance learning courses involve nearly 90% less energy and 85% fewer CO2 emissions than the full-time campus courses. The lower impacts of part-time and distance compared to full-time campus courses is mainly due to a reduction in student travel and elimination of much energy consumption of students’ housing, plus economies in campus site utilisation,. E-learning appears to offer only small energy and emissions reductions compared to mainly print-based distance learning courses, mainly because e-learning requires more energy for computing and paper for printing.Research limitationsAssumptions were made in order to calculate the energy and emissions arising from the different HE systems. E.g. it was decided to include all the energy consumed in term-time accommodation for full-time campus students while part-time campus and distance learning students live at home only requiring additional heating and lighting for study. Future studies could include more distance and blended learning courses offered by institutions other than the UK Open University and impacts other than CO2 emissions.Practical implicationsExisting HE sustainability programmes should be broadened beyond considering campus site impacts and ‘greening the curriculum’. Indeed, were HE expansion to take environmental impacts seriously, then part-time and distance education should be favoured over increasing full-time provision	['SDG11', 'SDG12', 'SDG13', 'SDG04', 'SDG07']
82913681	Trustworthiness and interest rates: an empirical study of Italian SMEs	Trust is expected to reduce transaction costs and agency costs and thus influence the cost of credit for small businesses. Assessments of trustworthiness are based on the ability, benevolence and integrity of the owner manager. The study examines whether lending managers' assessments of the trustworthiness of small and medium-sized enterprise (SME) owner managers are associated with the interest rate charged. Data were obtained from a survey of lending managers from small banks in North East Italy. Control variables and a vector of trustworthiness factors were collected on a random sample of customers, resulting in data for 365 small firms (74% response rate). Multivariate regression analyses provided evidence of a negative association between trustworthiness and interest rates. Banks, owner managers, policy makers and researchers should recognise the potential of trust to influence lending decisions and behaviour	['SDG08', 'SDG09']
131316331	Climate policy and financial institutions	This article examines how financial institutions, such as pension funds and insurance companies, have interpreted and used UN-issued climate change management policies. A critical discourse approach is used to analyse material issued by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the World Bank Group and some business and investment consultancies, with interview data supplementing the document analysis. It is argued that although policymakers and business consultants have been eager to appropriate the discourses of financial services, they have not produced guidance on how the outputs of climate science might best be used to allocate managed capital. In terms of outcomes, financial services remain on the periphery of policy implementation, attention has been deflected from the emitters of greenhouse gases, and policy objectives have been frustrated. By unspoken fiat, the market is here the new truth that cannot be contradicted	['SDG13', 'SDG08', 'SDG17']
82906172	Teaching and Learning English Literature	This is the third in the series Teaching and Learning the Humanities in Higher Education. The book is for beginning and experienced teachers of literature in higher education. The authors present a comprehensive overview of teaching English literature, from setting teaching goals and syllabus-planning through to a range of student assessment strategies and methods of course or teacher evaluation and improvement. Particular attention is paid to different teaching methods, from the traditional classroom to newer collaborative work, distance education and uses of electronic technologies. All this is set in the context of present-day circumstances and agendas to help academics and those in training become more informed and better teachers of their subject. The book includes:- how literature as a discipline is currently understood and constituted- what it means to study and learn the subject- what 'good teaching' is, with fewer resources for teaching, larger student numbers, an emphasis on 'user-pay' principles and vocationalism	['SDG04']
82906163	Media bias in reporting social research?:  the case of reviewing ethnic inequalities in education	In recent years, the importance of disseminating the findings of social research has been given increased emphasis. The most effective way in which this can be done is via the mass media. However, there are frequent complaints that media coverage of social and educational research is very limited and often distorted. Through a detailed analysis of a particular case about ethnic  inequalities in educational achievement, this book examines some of the processes involved in the reporting of research findings, and their implications for judgements about media distortion and bias. This volume is relevant to many fields, including education, media studies, cultural studies, sociology and social policy	['SDG04', 'SDG10']
82971778	Building and repairing organization-level trustworthiness	To date, enormous energy has been devoted to researching interpersonal trust in organizational contexts.  Yet despite widespread recognition that trust operates at multiple levels, and that an organization’s reputation for trustworthiness is a key source of competitive advantage, little research has systematically and conceptually unpacked the notion of organization-level trustworthiness (OT) as distinct from interpersonal trustworthiness. In this symposium, we showcase emerging, multidisciplinary research addressing the nature of OT from the perspective of employees: that is, what makes employees trust or mistrust the organizations they work for? More specifically, in light of the conference theme ‘The Questions We Ask’, this symposium delivers insights into the following questions: How can OT be defined and what are its core dimensions?  In what ways does trust at the organizational level differ to interpersonal conceptions?  What are the antecedents of OT, and do they differ across cultures and contexts?  How can OT be repaired?  Using multiple methods (e.g. surveys, interviews, case studies, conceptual theorizing), the four papers address a variety of trust-related processes including initial building, evolution over time, and repair once ruptured.  Collectively, the papers suggest that the antecedents and processes of trust building and repair at the organizational level differ to those at the interpersonal level. By drawing together and discussing the perspectives and insights of the individual papers, this symposium will contribute to and stimulate debate on the concept of OT, as well as provide practical insights into how to build and repair an organization’s reputation for trustworthiness	['SDG16', 'SDG08']
82904311	Climate change in the lowlands of the Amazon Basin	"About the book: The goal of this book is to provide a current overview of the impacts of climate change on tropical forests, to investigate past, present, and future climatic influences on the ecosystems with the highest biodiversity on the planet. ""Tropical Rainforest Responses to Climatic Change"" will be the first book to examine how tropical rain forest ecology is altered by climate change, rather than simply seeing how plant communities were altered. Shifting the emphasis onto ecological processes e.g. how diversity is structured by climate and the subsequent impact on tropical forest ecology, provides the reader with a more comprehensive coverage. A major theme of this book that emerges progressively is the interaction between humans, climate and forest ecology. While numerous books have appeared dealing with forest fragmentation and conservation, none have explicitly explored the long term occupation of tropical systems, the influence of fire and the future climatic effects of deforestation, coupled with anthropogenic emissions. Incorporating modelling of past and future systems paves the way for a discussion of conservation from a climatic perspective, rather than the usual plea to stop logging"	['SDG13', 'SDG15']
82983948	Networking for support: learning from the experiences of beginning science teachers		['SDG04']
82906184	Information and communications technology, knowledge and pedagogy	Traditional approaches to the use of computers in education have given insufficient attention to the impact of Information and Communications Technology (ICT) on the classroom. Any implementation of ICT in schools requires a level of change in practice. This article examines three such levels, namely where existing practice is made more efficient or effective, where it is extended in some new way, and where it is transformed. A model of pedagogy is outlined and the model is then used to examine the three levels and their implications. The analysis suggests that a more sophisticated idea of change is needed if ICT is to have a significant impact on classroom practices	['SDG04']
323055137	Making policy and making policy work with developmental evaluation	Developmental evaluation endeavours to reconfigure evaluation practice away from merely serving purposes of external accountability of policy towards making evaluation integral to the dualistic practice of policy making and policy implementation.  Whilst ideas on developmental evaluation from Michael Quinn Patton have gained traction with increasing concern over interventions in contexts of rapid change and uncertainty, endeavours have focused on applying concepts principally from a tradition of complexity science. A key challenge is in making such concepts work for evaluators and other stakeholders.A framework of developmental evaluation is introduced based on a simple heuristic founded on three principles from a tradition of systems thinking in practice – understanding inter-relationships, engaging with multiple perspectives, and reflecting on boundary judgements. Two case stories of developmental evaluation are used to illustrate the workings of the heuristic towards making policy and making policy work	['SDG16', 'SDG17']
82972151	Tandem Learning in Virtual Spaces: Supporting Non-formal and Informal Learning in Adults	[About the book]With the rapid growth of new environments for language education, out-of-class learning is beginning to rival classroom learning in importance. There is, therefore, a pressing need for research on language learning beyond the classroom to catch up with classroom learning research. As the first published work to deal exclusively with language learning outside conventional classrooms, Beyond the Language Classroom represents an important step in this direction.   Including a theoretical overview of the field, 11 data-based case studies located in a variety of settings around the world, and practical advice on materials development for independent learning, the book addresses theoretical and practical questions that will be of interest not only to language professionals working with learners in out-of-class settings, but also to teachers and researchers with an interest in the role of teaching in out-of-class learning and its relationship to classroom pedagogy	['SDG04']
82906182	Literacy Literacy	The paper argues that the term 'literacy' has become attached to too many disparate practices, and that renewed attention needs to be paid to how the acquisition and use of skills of written communication are conditioned by the core structures of the home, the classroom, and the state. It reviews the current usages ofliteracy and examines the agenda for further research in the central areas of reading and particularly writing. Attention is drawn to the contemporary engagement with literacy as a basic skill, and to the recent implementation in England of the National Literacy Strategy. The close parallels between the 19th and early 21st century literacy strategies are noted. If historians wish to apply their research to an interrogation of contemporary ideology and practice, greater attention should be paid to domestic instruction and to the role of government over tim	['SDG04']
82906198	The ambivalent cosmopolitanism of international NGOs	The chapter examines ways that development is constructed, represented and mediated by NGOs to northern publics – their Public Engagement – and examines the often ambivalent relationship between NGOs and cosmopolitan politics that this engagement is predicated on.  Forms of NGO engagement can help us understand their capacity to offer serious development alternatives, most notably in the form of a transnational politics of justice based on the values of solidarity	['SDG16', 'SDG17']
82906118	Criminology and genetically modified food	Genetically modified or engineered foods are produced from rapidly expanding technologies that have sparked international debates and concerns about health and safety. These concerns focus on the potential dangers to human health, the risks of genetic pollution, and the demise of alternative farming techniques as well as biopiracy and economic exploitation by large private corporations. This article discusses the findings of the world's first Royal Commission on Genetic Modification conducted in New Zealand and reveals that there are potential social, ecological and economic risks created by genetically modified foods that require closer criminological scrutiny. As contemporary criminological discourses continue to push new boundaries in areas of crimes of the economy, environmental pollution, risk management, governance and globalization, the potential concerns posed by genetically modified foods creates fertile ground for criminological scholarship and activism	['SDG12', 'SDG02', 'SDG03']
82972089	A modified self-controlled case series method to examine association between multidose vaccinations and death	The self-controlled case series method (SCCS) was developed to analyze the association between a time-varying exposure and an outcome event. We consider penta- or hexavalent vaccination as the exposure and unexplained sudden unexpected death (uSUD) as the event. The special situation of multiple exposures and a terminal event requires adaptation of the standard SCCS method. This paper proposes a new adaptation, in which observation periods are truncated according to the vaccination schedule. The new method exploits known minimum spacings between successive vaccine doses. Its advantage is that it is very much simpler to apply than the method for censored, perturbed or curtailed post-event exposures recently introduced. This paper presents a comparison of these two SCCS methods by simulation studies and an application to a real data set. In the simulation studies, the age distribution and the assumed vaccination schedule were based on real data. Only small differences between the two SCCS methods were observed, although 50 per cent of cases could not be included in the analysis with the SCCS method with truncated observation periods. By means of a study including 300 uSUD, a 16-fold risk increase after the 4th dose could be detected with a power of at least 90 per cent. A general 2-fold risk increase after vaccination could be detected with a power of 80 per cent. Reanalysis of data from cases of the German case–control study on sudden infant death (GeSID) resulted in slightly higher point estimates using the SCCS methods than the odds ratio obtained by the case–control analysi	['SDG03']
82972063	Complex belongings: racialization and migration in a small English city	The article explores how long-term residents in a small city with rural links in the East of England related to new migrants at a time of changing patterns and increased volume of migration. Based on in-depth interviews and observations in 2005–6, the article shows dynamic, complex, and nuanced constructions of belonging and governmentalities of belonging. Long-term Peterborians felt proud that their city attracted migrants and became more multicultural. Many saw this as a normative aspect of being modern. Yet, the arrival of migrants also led to tensions and re-inscribed the racialization of Peterborough's ethnic minorities, articulated through the theme of neighbourliness. Through the figures of ‘uncaring migrant neighbours’ and ‘ruthless Pakistani landlords’, migrants and ethnic minority Peterborians were portrayed as refusing injunctions to care for the neighbourhood and the nation. Ethnic minority Peterborians were positioned ambivalently as hosts of and – at times – targets of racism by new migrants	['SDG10', 'SDG11', 'SDG16']
326244898	Making Sense of Research in Nursing, Health and Social Care		['SDG03']
82972104	Knowledge and technology for development	About the book:This handbook is a guide to ‘critical development studies’ (CDS)—the study of international development from the standpoint of social change, a critical perspective. As such the handbook provides a set of tools for entering and understanding the nature and scope of the interdisciplinary field of development studies. It is organized as a set of 50 short course modules. Each module is written by a well-known research specialist in the area; and each (a) identifies the six most critical questions or research theme in a particular area of CDS, (b) provides a succinct discussion of the central issues that surround these questions, and (c) makes substantive references to the most essential readings that explore these issues	['SDG04']
82906549	Identity, agency and social institutions in educational ethnography	"The prime focus on the social processes of schooling within educational ethnography has tended to marginalise or eschew the importance of other 'informal' educational sites. Other social institutions, such as family, community, media and popular culture, work and prisons are salient arenas in which behaviours and lives are regulated. They all interrelate and are all implicated in the generation, management and development of social identities and the social and cultural reproduction of structures and relations. Individuals, though, are not merely shaped by these social institutions, their agency is evident in the way they creatively adapt and accommodate to the tensions and constraints of economic, educational and social policies. The maintenance of self in these situations requires identity work involving mediation, conflict, contestation and modes of resistance, which often contribute to a continual reconstruction of situations and contexts. This volume of ""Studies in Educational Ethnography"" focuses on identity and agency in a variety of social institutions in educational ethnography. The contributors explore these themes in a wide range of international contexts including: Belgium, Sweden, North America, South Africa and England. They demonstrate the capacity of educational ethnography to provide accounts of participants' perspectives and understandings to highlight the agency of educational subjects"	['SDG10', 'SDG04']
82972041	Managing Cultural Change: Reclaiming Synchronicity in a Mobile World	Despite decades of policy interventions and awareness raising programmes, migration and mobility continue to give rise to tensions and questions of how to live together in a culturally diverse world. Managing Cultural Change takes a new approach to these challenges, re-examining responses to migration and mobility as part of a process of managing wider cultural change. Presenting research from a range of settings, from liberalising India, global workplaces in Asia, and migrant youth culture in Sydney, this book explores the manner in which cultural change disturbs established frames of reference. In considering affective responses to these liminal moments of disruption, it argues that adaptive strategies such as 'demarcating difference' and 're-placing home', that is, reasserting belonging, are deployed in order to reclaim a sense of synchronicity within the self and with a transforming external environment. With attention to the prevalence and durability of the processes and tensions inherent in cultural change, the author also examines the intercultural, or cosmopolitan, competencies developed in interaction with difference, and whether it is possible to 'teach' people these skills in order to re-find 'cultural fit' and manage change in a constantly shifting world. Contributing to research on transnational migration and mobility studies, while developing the use of conceptual tools such as 'cultural fit' and 'liminality', Managing Cultural Change will be of interest to sociologists, geographers and anthropologists working in the fields of globalisation, migration and transnational communities, ethnicity and identity, belonging and cosmopolitanism	['SDG10', 'SDG11', 'SDG16']
603402878	Survival Trees for Analyzing Clinical Outcome in Lung Adenocarcinomas Based on Gene Expression Profiles: Identification of Neogenin and Diacylglycerol Kinase α Expression as Critical Factors	We present survival trees as an exploratory tool for revealing new insights into gene expression profiles in combination with clinical patient data. Survival trees partition the patient data studied into groups with similar survival outcomes and identify characteristic genetic profiles within these groups. We demonstrate the application of survival trees in a study involving the expression profiles of 3,588 genes in 211 lung adenocarcinoma patients. The survival tree identified a group of early-stage cancer patients with relatively low survival rates and another group of advanced-stage patients with remarkably good survival outcome. For both groups, the tree identified characteristic expression profiles of genes that might play a role in cancerogenesis and disease progression, notably the genes for the netrin receptor neogenin and the Ras/Rho kinase modulator diacylglycerol kinase α	['SDG03']
603402895	Returning to Work after the Death of a Baby or Child – Video for Supporting Healthcare Staff	Introduction - The death of a baby or child at any age or gestation is devastating. Returning to work in health care following the death of a baby or child can be hugely challenging. This may be due to the demands of the role and the emotions and feelings triggered by being back in a health care environment. Highlighting these challenges and the support health care professionals may need when returning to work after the death of a child or baby is important for staff: both the individual and the team around them.Methods – A collaborative multi-professional approach was used to design and produce a short audio-visual recording. This involved the input of two health professionals with lived experience of returning to work in a health care environment after the death of a child, a child mortality nurse, and a clinical psychologist. The aim of the video was to use lived experiences to highlight what had helped and also hindered the professionals' return to work. The video was produced using Canva software and relevant permissions were sought prior to sharing the recording.Results - The results of this project are far-reaching. For the professionals involved, the opportunity to tell their stories whilst helping others has been deeply cathartic. Feedback from fellow healthcare professionals has been positive with people keen to share the recording more widely.Conclusion - This project is aimed at staff who themselves have had a baby or child die to reassure them that they are not alone. We also hope to empower managers and colleagues to feel more confident in supporting the member of staff upon their return to work	['SDG03', 'SDG08']
82984295	Isolated housewives and complex maternal worlds: The significance of social contacts between women with young children in industrial societies	This article reconsiders the picture of the mother of young children in industrialised societies as the ‘isolated housewife’, suggesting this notion is by no means straightforward. We suggest there is considerable evidence for the existence of mothers' social contacts and their significance both as ‘work’ and ‘friendship’ in industrial societies. A pre-occupation with the notion of the ‘isolation’ of ‘housewives’ has led social researchers to neglect sustained examination of the social relationships within which many/most mothers are involved on a day-to-day basis. Complexities of interpretation, for example what ‘isolation’ can actually mean, need to be drawn out from the existing literature. Evidence presented from two recent ethnographic studies shows patterned opportunities/constraints occurring in relation to mothers' social contacts within localised settings, whether through organised groups or other personal ties. The complex nature of individual women's social contacts is thus brought out. Some key questions are raised for the importance to sociology, anthropology and social policy of these apparently insignificant or invisible women's networks	['SDG05', 'SDG10', 'SDG03']
82912862	Involving older people in research: An amateur doing the work of a professional?	Involving and consulting with the users of social care services has become a dominant strand in the development of policy and practice regarding service delivery. Researchers are increasingly required to address issues of user participation within their proposed research. This volume describes ways in which older people can participate in research projects as originators of research questions; advisors on methodology; analysts of data; fieldworkers; and disseminators of findings	['SDG10', 'SDG03']
603402720	The Bloomsbury Handbook of Language Learning and Technology	This handbook draws together international perspectives on technology and its application to language teaching and learning, written and edited by leading scholars in the field. It meets the increasing demand for pedagogically-informed online language instruction, which is particularly important in the context of the effects that the Covid-19 pandemic has had on the education sector on a global scale, as well as exploring language learning in informal and non-formal contexts. With contributions from5 continents and over 20 countries, including Australia, Canada, Cyprus, Denmark, Finland, France, Greece, Ireland, Japan, Spain, Sweden, the Netherlands, the UK and the USA, the book offers a thorough overview of the main influential theories and explores technology tools, approaches to research, and applications to practice. Carefully curated, this is an innovative and exciting volume for students, teachers, researchers and lecturers in language education	['SDG04', 'SDG09']
603402695	Reliability of the audit committee in weak institutional environments: Evidence from Nigeria	Relying on institutional theory, this article presents external stakeholders’ perspectives on the factors that influence audit committees’ independence and reliability in a weak institutional context. We conducted 37 semi-structured interviews with two critical external stakeholder groups (27 experienced professional investors and 10 senior regulatory officials) in the Nigerian banking sector. Our study finds that the independence of audit committee members, being an ‘a posteriori’ rather than an ‘a priori’ accountability verification, bears institutional contextual bias. Consequently, we unpack five factors (allegiance to the dominant owner; poor professional conduct; corruption; nepotism and opportunism; and impunity) that influence external stakeholders’ perception of the reliability of the audit committee’s independence in Nigeria	['SDG16']
603402631	The science of soundscape - summary of the evidence base from the UK acoustics community	The Science of Soundscape – Summary of the Evidence Base from the UK Acoustics Community provides a comprehensive summary of the scientific evidence supporting the use of a soundscape approach in environmental design and planning. The lead author was Peter Rogers; we contributed to the text with a case study, Soundscape approach for a residential development. The paper was written in response to a request from the UK House of Lords for information on the evidence base around soundscapes and their benefits for wellbeing. It provides background on the concept of soundscapes as distinct from just noise levels. Soundscapes consider the perception of sound in context. The paper summarizes evidence from many studies showing health and wellbeing benefits of natural sounds and positive soundscapes. Case studies demonstrate practical applications of soundscape principles in urban design projects. The paper calls for greater inclusion of soundscapes in policy frameworks, citing initial steps taken in Wales. It brings together views of many UK acoustics experts to give a broad scientific summary of the current state of knowledge on soundscapes.  The paper makes the case for the science supporting soundscapes as a complement to traditional noise management, with benefits for human health and sustainability. It provides evidence requested by policymakers considering this approach	['SDG11', 'SDG17', 'SDG03']
603402689	Planning and evaluating impact of scholarship and educational research initiatives	I have authored several resources related to the ‘Impact Evaluation of Scholarship of Teaching and Learning (SoTL)’. A summary of the resources and links are in this blogpost: https://www.shaileyminocha.info/blog/2023/4/19/impact-of-scholarship-of-teaching-and-learning My faculty has set up a dedicated webpage: https://www.open.ac.uk/scholarship-and-innovation/esteem/impactDuring this one-hour session, I took the audience through the toolkit for planning and evaluating impact of SoTL, and introduced them to various resources, including Impact Evaluation Framework and Theory of Change. The toolkit can be applied to plan, evaluate, and report the impact of your (past, present and future) SoTL or educational research projects and interventions	['SDG04']
553630876	Technological change as a force for good: when the Jedi get working	The implementation of a new digital assessment system at the Open University (OU) marked the start of an ambitious programme of work that put the student experience at the heart of its vision and structure. Assessment design, operations and policies, the user experience of students, markers, and the development of technology became key drivers for the design and structure of the programme, and a future operating model. UNIwise was chosen to provide the technical solution.This paper discusses the work of the Exams and Assignment Impementation programme since January 2020. Changing the way we assess 175,000 students on 500 courses, with close to 750,000 assignments marked by over 4000 tutors in a year, is complex, and requires careful stakeholder engagement and sensitivity to established practices. Two further university large-scale change programmes running simultaneously, and the Covid-19 pandemic, added to the challenges.We share some of the obstacles and how we addressed them. We explain the vision, structure and communication strategy and their impact so far. We also discuss how we built partnerships with key stakeholders, while developing a ‘true’ partnership with our technology provider UNIwise to enhance the possibilities of the new system. This is likely to deliver win-win solutions within a multi-stakeholder context with students at the centre, and, in time, also new ways of assessment at the OU. In the process, we are creating communities of practice, starting with a group of “WISEflow-Jedis” who will, we hope, tap into the ‘force’ to make digital assessment a lasting success	['SDG04', 'SDG09']
603402511	Developing and implementing a teaching and learning plan at the Open University (OU): a faculty-led approach	Developing an institutional teaching and learning plan for the largest university in the UK is no small feat. In the 50+ years since the OU was established, the sector has embraced distance and online learning. It was therefore essential that our approach recognised and optimised collaboration with the broad range of stakeholders who make up our institution's teaching and learning environment. In this ‘how to’ interactive workshop, we will share our approach and look to the future. Participants will be encouraged to reflect on their own practice and explore how our insights may be applied in their own context	['SDG04']
603402505	Promoting Health Equality in Travelling Communities: A report from the Caring Together project	Report from a Caring Together project examining the health inequalities faced by Gypsy, Roma and Travelling communities in the UK	['SDG10', 'SDG03']
603653839	The Drivers of Perceptions of Anti-Social Behaviour	Anti-social behaviour (ASB) is a confusing term which has been variously applied to a wide spectrum of activity, from serious criminal violence and persistent ongoing intimidation and harassment at one end of the spectrum, to subjective feelings of unease caused by relatively minor and perhaps occasional environmental disturbances, such as litter, at the other. In this report the authors analyse ASB in terms of the seven-strand definition used to measure perceptions in the British Crime Survey (BCS). This definition of ASB tends towards a focus on the less serious end of the ASB spectrum. The report proposes that perceptions of ASB (‘PASB’), in the technical BCS definition mentioned, are a matter of interpretation. There is frequently a mismatch between an objective measure of ASB, and perceptions. Based on a review of available research studies, the authors model two processes of interpretation that seem to be fundamental in driving this, and suggest that the reason why people make different interpretations of behaviour rests in social connectedness. Consequently, interventions that hold the potential to deliver long-lasting reductions in PASB are rooted in processes of engagement targeted at building empathy and mutual respect	['SDG11', 'SDG16']
82958349	Participating in the Knowledge Society: Researchers Beyond the University Walls	In current debates about the 'knowledge society' and the organization of 'research', the spotlight is most often on the universities. This interdisciplinary and transhistorical volume focuses on the less often-recognized work of independent researchers creating and participating in knowledge outside the academy, from seventeenth-century north-country astronomers to Victorian naturalists to today's think tanks, community historians and new forms of researching and publishing through the internet. These intriguing cases raise challenging issues about the location, definition, and validation of 'research', about active participation in knowledge-generation, and about the perhaps changing boundaries of the university today	['SDG04', 'SDG09']
603653850	Building communities for student success: facilitating student belonging through online inductions	In 2022, The Open University in Wales launched a series of online induction events for new students, aiming to develop students′ sense of belonging, provide an effective transition to the university, and ultimately, to support students to succeed. A theory of change (ToC) model informed the design and evaluation of the induction events. This article presents the initial evaluation, using qualitative and quantitative data to test the assumptions underpinning the ToC and explore questions such as: are online induction events effective for developing a sense of belonging? Which students attended the events? What do we know about the subsequent academic performance of students who attended compared to those who did not?The results suggest that well-designed online induction events can effectively foster a sense of belonging among students. However, when examining factors such as socio-demographic characteristics, certain groups of students appear less likely to participate. The authors emphasise the importance of using data to develop awareness of potential systemic barriers to engagement, and using these insights to remove barriers, address the specific needs of diverse student populations, and foster a more supportive and inclusive educational environment	['SDG04', 'SDG10']
603653864	Exploring Information Technology Capabilities from Multiple Aspects of the Resource-Based Theory	This study elucidates the nature of information technology (IT) capabilities by developing an integrated framework that expounds upon the hierarchy inherent within IT capabilities. This research uses qualitative interviews with 64 IT professionals grounded in the resource-based theory to delineate three layers of IT capabilities. At the foundational level, IT capabilities reflect firms’ IT-related assets, encompassing IT infrastructure, informational, and enabled assets that are valuable, rare, and inimitable. Higher up, firms’ IT capabilities manifest through competence in organising these IT-related assets effectively. Operational IT competence is instrumental in mobilising and deploying each IT-related asset, while dynamic IT capabilities represent firms’ capacity to reconfigure and assimilate various operational IT competencies. This research contributes to the field by providing an integrative theoretical understanding of how IT capabilities are formed. The proposed model addresses fragmentation in the existing literature, facilitating the development of more cohesive, evidence-based strategies for generating business value from IT	['SDG08', 'SDG09']
82901421	Communication in Indian Raga performance	About the book: Music is a powerful means of communication. It provides a means by which people can share emotions, intentions, and meanings even though their spoken languages may be mutually incomprehensible. It can also provide a vital lifeline to human interaction for those whose special needs make other means of communication difficult. Music can exert powerful physical effects, can produce deep and profound emotions within us, and can be used to generate infinitely subtle variations of expressiveness by skilled composers and performers. This new addition to the music psychology list brings together leading researchers from a variety of academic and applied backgrounds. It examines how music can be used to communicate and the biological, cognitive, social, and cultural processes which underlie such communication. Taking a broad, interdisciplinary look at all aspects of communication, from the symbolic aspects of musical notation, to the use of music in advertising, the book is the first of its kind. It will be valuable for all those involved in music psychology, music education, and communication studies	['SDG04']
82904156	Learning from the UKeU experience	The UKeU represents the most important foray into e-learning yet undertaken. Its early demise sounds a warning note to all of us involved in e-learning. It is important that we learn from this experience so as not to replicate its mistakes, but also not to allow its failure on some levels to drown out the enormous potential and good practice which it instituted on other levels.This paper presents some of the initial findings of a series of studies documenting the UKeU approach to and experience of e-learning.This paper was first presented at the ICE Conference, Higham, UK, February 2005	['SDG04']
131316114	An innovative methodology for capturing young children’s curiosity, imagination and voices using a free app: Our Story	This study explores children’s narratives of their curiosity and imagination through innovative use of an information technology app – Our Story. Novel use of the app allowed children to express and record their opinions they considered significant to them. The research captured children’s approaches to everyday situations through their play. Introducing the notion of ‘narrative affordances’, findings show how the app facilitated a range of possibilities for recording children’s curiosity and imagination through pictures, text, sound and short video. Children added to and developed their narratives, putting them firmly in control of what they wanted to include and share, providing a unique insight into children’s perspectives	['SDG04']
82912910	Equal value, equal care: Differences and diversity, primary care perspectives		['SDG03']
82912897	The 'harm' story in childhood sexual abuse: contested understandings, disputed knowledges	The international feminist contributors to this book look through the lens of poststructuralism at how child sexual abuse is differently represented and understood in the populist, academic, clinical, media and legal contexts. Reworking earlier feminist analyses, they show how child sexual abuse is not just about gender and power but also about class, race and sexuality. The first, theoretical section of the book critiques normative theories of the 'effects' of abuse, explores the impact and consequences of feminist interventions and critically examines the potential usefulness of a feminist post-stucturalist approach. In the second part, these understandings are applied to specific arenas of practice with the aim of providing a framework for critical intervention and alternative and better ways of working with child sexual abuse	['SDG16', 'SDG05']
588149275	Music, Medicine and Religion at the Ospedale di Santo Spirito in Rome 1550–1750	"Explores the use of music as therapy and shows how it operated in the hospital's institutional, social and historical contexts, undergoing change in response to broader cultural and religious movements.This book explores connections between the physical care of the sick based on the study of medicine, concepts of healing founded on religious thought, and the practice of music at the Ospedale di Santo Spirito (Hospital of the Holy Spirit) in Rome. The hospital was a unique institution that was regulated by the Roman Catholic Church but simultaneously reflected the significant shifts in scientific thought emerging during the period that coincided with post-Tridentine reforms in the church.The volume discusses the hospital's foundation, architecture and links with the papacy. It also reflects on the then acceptable ""ways of knowing"" informed by religious concerns and medical traditions. The tripartite relationship between religion, medicine and music within the institution was complex. At times they existed side-by-side, at others they intersected. Drawing on extensive archival research such as financial records, decrees, records of apostolic visits and inventories as well as surviving musical sources (printed and manuscript), the book makes connections between intellectual beliefs about music and actual musical practices. It explores the early use of music as therapy and investigates the musical ideals and practices of the monastic regime which ran the hospital. In a wider sense, the book shows how music operated in the hospital's institutional, social and historical contexts, and how it underwent change over time in response to broader cultural and religious movements"	['SDG03']
560373778	Reasonable adjustments for student nurses in clinical placement in the United Kingdom: The perspectives of the associated Community of Practice on current criteria and procedures	Background: In the United Kingdom, pre-registration nursing students include those with a disability or impairment who can require extra learning support to maximise their achievement of clinical proficiencies. My earlier EdD research suggests a Community of Practice (CoP) related to facilitating these reasonable adjustments in clinical placement. This group of practitioners can optimise the clinical learning environment but are potentially hindered by limited evidence-based knowledge and a lack of national guidance.Research aim: To confirm the existence of this CoP and investigate the development of these practitioners’ reasonable adjustments capability. In addition, to seek the views from these individuals regarding the efficacy of current related criteria and procedures. Methodology: Using a broad interpretivist approach, semi-structured interviews elicited the opinions and experiences from 13 study participants, involved with supporting student nurse learning in clinical placement, from varying parts of the United Kingdom. All interview data were transcribed, coded and then thematically analysed in conjunction with the chosen theoretical lenses. Findings: Three main themes were identified- ‘lack of consistency’, ‘an experiential approach’, and ‘sharing good practice’. Conclusions: The Thesis findings confirm the emergence of a CoP associated with reasonable adjustments for student nurses in clinical placement, but with traits differing from those of a conventional CoP. A lack of both knowledge and national guidance can hinder the capability development of CoP members and can contribute towards negative attitudes within the CoP regarding the ability of these student nurses. Further research and investigation is recommended to fully understand this unique CoP and promote its existence to the wider nursing body	['SDG04', 'SDG10']
82912854	Research shareholding and investment in England and Wales: approaches, sources and methods	There is considerable scope for increasing the understanding of the history of share ownership. Existing studies of shareholders in the UK are limited in the industries, time periods and shareholder populations they study. This article outlines the methods used by the authors in an ESRC-funded study of shareholders in companies in England and Wales from 1870 to 1930. Data were drawn from companies' shareholder records — the Form Es submitted annually to the Registrar of Companies and the share registers and ledgers maintained by companies. The article outlines the rationale for the industrial sectors selected for study, the choice of companies and the basis on which shareholder records were sampled. The resulting database contains details of over 29,000 individual shareholders who collectively had over 33,000 shareholdings, and is larger and more representative of the investor population than any previously compiled in the UK	['SDG08', 'SDG09']
82912861	Care matters: Concepts, practice and research in health and social care	This book draws upon a range of academic disciplines including sociology, social policy, psychology, history, geography, social work and nursing to address these questions. The authors consider whether shared meanings in the concept of care can still be found across differences of: family and paid care; health and social care; perspectives `carer' and `cared for'; and the experiences of different `client' groups. Commonalities are identified in the form of concerns about personal empowerment, about choice and self-esteem and about the balance needed between independence, interdependence and dependency. What also emerges is the relevance of such issues for those giving as well as receiving care	['SDG03', 'SDG10']
532581734	Pragmatic randomized controlled trial of long-term psychoanalytic psychotherapy for treatment-resistant depression: the Tavistock Adult Depression Study (TADS)	This pragmatic randomized controlled trial tested the effectiveness of long-term psychoanalytic psychotherapy (LTPP) as an adjunct to treatment-as-usual according to UK national guidelines (TAU), compared to TAU alone, in patients with long-standing major depression who had failed at least two different treatments and were considered to have treatment-resistant depression. Patients (N=129) were recruited from primary care and randomly allocated to the two treatment conditions. They were assessed at 6-monthly intervals during the 18 months of treatment and at 24, 30 and 42 months during follow-up. The primary outcome measure was the 17-item version of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17), with complete remission defined as a HDRS-17 score ≤8, and partial remission defined as a HDRS-17 score ≤12. Secondary outcome measures included self-reported depression as assessed by the Beck Depression Inventory - II, social functioning as evaluated by the Global Assessment of Functioning, subjective wellbeing as rated by the Clinical Outcomes in Routine Evaluation - Outcome Measure, and satisfaction with general activities as assessed by the Quality of Life Enjoyment and Satisfaction Questionnaire. Complete remission was infrequent in both groups at the end of treatment (9.4% in the LTPP group vs. 6.5% in the control group) as well as at 42-month follow-up (14.9% vs. 4.4%). Partial remission was not significantly more likely in the LTPP than in the control group at the end of treatment (32.1% vs. 23.9%, p=0.37), but significant differences emerged during follow-up (24 months: 38.8% vs. 19.2%, p=0.03; 30 months: 34.7% vs. 12.2%, p=0.008; 42 months: 30.0% vs. 4.4%, p=0.001). Both observer-based and self-reported depression scores showed steeper declines in the LTPP group, alongside greater improvements on measures of social adjustment. These data suggest that LTPP can be useful in improving the long-term outcome of treatment-resistant depression. End-of-treatment evaluations or short follow-ups may miss the emergence of delayed therapeutic benefit	['SDG03']
82978322	Crew study of seafarers: a methodological approach to the global labour market for seafarers	In the context of the complexity of the global labour market for seafarers, crew study of seafarers (CSS) provides a means to access, analyse and compare information on active seafarers world-wide. This paper outlines the methodological parameters of CSS. It is argued that CSS provides a distinctive methodology enabling the exploration and specification of key characteristics of this labour market, for example: the distribution of world seafarers by nationality; the recruitment preferences of ship owners or managers; the organisation of multinational crewing patterns and the dynamics and constraints behind seafarer movement between foreign and national fleets. The principles and applications of CSS are illustrated by the case of Chinese seafarers, utilising a combination of a crew list analysis and an onboard survey in the port of Hong Kong	['SDG10', 'SDG08']
82978784	Trust in anonymity networks	Anonymity is a security property of paramount importance, as we move steadily towards a wired, online community. Its import touches upon subjects as different as eGovernance, eBusiness and eLeisure, as well as personal freedom of speech in authoritarian societies. Trust metrics are used in anonymity networks to support and enhance reliability in the absence of verifiable identities, and a variety of security attacks currently focus on degrading a user's trustworthiness in the eyes of the other users. In this paper, we analyse the privacy guarantees of the Crowds anonymity protocol, with and without onion forwarding, for standard and adaptive attacks against the trust level of honest user	['SDG16']
532581724	Epistemic injustice and neoliberal imaginations in English as a medium of instruction (EMI) policy	This article examines the construction of epistemic injustice in creating and implementing an EMI policy. Drawing on “epistemic injustice” (Fricker, Miranda. 2007. Epistemic injustice: Power and the ethics of knowing. Oxford: Oxford University Press) and “misframing” (Fraser, Nancy. 2009. Scales of justice: Reimagining political space in a globalizing world. New York: Columbia University Press), we discuss how the EMI policy in Nepal’s school education has reinforced the epistemic nature of social injustice. Taking an ethnographic approach, we have analyzed how EMI policies are created, interpreted, and implemented in two public schools located in historically marginalized ethnic minority/Indigenous communities. Our analyses show that the schools misframe and misrecognize Indigenous/ethnic minority parents’ and children’s linguistic knowledge and awareness of language education policy. While reproducing neoliberal values, EMI policies construct a deficit identity of Indigenous/ethnic minority communities by erasing and stigmatizing their knowledge of mother tongues in school. Such policies not only promote an English-only monolingual ideology but also pose multiple challenges for epistemic access of Indigenous/minority students and affect parents’ “party of participation” (Fraser, Nancy. 2009. Scales of justice: Reimagining political space in a globalizing world. New York: Columbia University Press) in policymaking process	['SDG04', 'SDG10', 'SDG16']
82979572	'No retreat, even when broken': classical architecture in the Presepe Napoletano	This chapter focuses on the small-scale models of classical ruins sold by vendors in the historic centre of Naples. These models, which normally represent columns, arches and aqueducts, are destined for display in the Neapolitan presepi – the elaborate and complex nativity scenes constructed by local families as part of their Christmas celebrations. The chapter locates these Neapolitan models within the longer artistic tradition of representing Christ’s birth at the site of ancient ruins. However, it also emphasises the unique meanings behind the use of classical ruins in the context of the presepe Napoletano. It explores, but moves beyond, the traditional interpretation of these scenes, which read the classical ruins in (all) nativities as a symbol of the triumph of Christianity over paganism. While this interpretation certainly has currency today, here it will be shown that the meanings of the Neapolitan miniature ruins are much richer and more varied than such a universalising reading would suggest. The discussion will draw attention to the overall aesthetic of temporal and spatial collapse in the presepe, and to the other, more esoteric classical references that can be detected in its figures and landscapes. It will also look at examples of individual presepe which appropriate classical ruins for very specific purposes. Particular attention will be paid to the 2009 ‘Presepe for L’Aquila’, which was made in S. Gregorio Armeno by Marco Ferrigno. This impressive creation substituted the usual ancient columns and aqueducts with the shattered buildings of the post-earthquake town, which were at the same time given a new, redemptive meaning (Nec Recisa Recedit - ‘No retreat, even when broken’). The Presepe for Aquila serves to exemplify the symbolic richness of ruins in the presepe Napoletano, and the continued relevance and dynamism of classical receptions in the modern city	['SDG11']
82913615	Family learning: concept, history and interpretation	[Book summary] Family learning covers a wide range of activities, including: helping parents to support their children’s learning; improving parents’ own learning chances; improving parents’ access to schools; and improving relationships between parents and teachers. This report focuses on the experiences of family learning in one London borough and locates that experience within the wider policy framework. It contains a review of relevant literature and makes a number of recommendations for developing family learning initiatives in other locations	['SDG10', 'SDG04']
491445994	Alkaline pre-treatment of oilseed rape straw for bioethanol production: Evaluation of glucose yield and pre-treatment energy consumption	The objective of the research was to investigate the effect of biomass loading, alkali (NaOH) concentration and pre-treatment time on the yield of glucose obtained following alkaline pre-treatment and enzymatic hydrolysis of oilseed rape (OSR) straw. A maximum glucose yield of (440.6 ± 14.9) g glucose kg−1 biomass was obtained when OSR straw was pre-treated at a biomass loading of 50 g kg−1 and an alkali concentration of 0.63 mol dm−3 NaOH for 30 min. The energy efficiency of glucose extraction (0.39 kg glucose MJ−1 consumed) was highest when OSR straw was pre-treated at a biomass loading of 50 g kg−1 and an alkali concentration of 0.63 or 0.75 mol dm−3 for 30 min. The study demonstrated alkaline pre-treatment of OSR straw is superior to acid pre-treatment in terms of glucose yield and energy efficiency	['SDG09', 'SDG12', 'SDG07']
82983659	Divide and Rule, Unite and Resist: Contact, Collective Action and Policy Attitudes among Historically Disadvantaged Groups	Racial segregation encourages members of historically advantaged groups to form negative intergroup attitudes, which then motivate practices of discrimination that sustain inequality and disadvantage. By implication, interventions designed to increase intergroup contact have been proposed as a means of reducing dominant group prejudices and promoting social change. In this article, we highlight another mechanism through which segregation shapes intergroup relations, namely, by inhibiting political solidarity between historically disadvantaged groups. Building on a field survey conducted in postapartheid South Africa, we demonstrate how challenging this form of segregation may reveal alternative mechanisms through which intergroup contact facilitates social change. Notably, we report evidence that positive contact with Black residents of an informal settlement in Pietermaritzburg was associated with Indian residents’ support for political policies and forms of collective action that might improve conditions in that settlement. In addition, we show that such support was partly mediated by perceptions of collective discrimination	['SDG10', 'SDG16']
374157398	Role of EFL teachers’ beliefs in speaking practice: The case of a Mexican university	In English as a foreign language (EFL) classrooms, learners’ communicative opportunities are maximised when they practise speaking. However, in the context of Mexican teacher education, teachers have been seen to adapt speaking practice in response to contextual factors in a way which limits learners’ speaking competence development. Drawing on evidence which shows that teacher beliefs strongly influence classroom practices, the study firstly measures and describes interactional features of three EFL teachers and learners during speaking practice in this Latin American context. It then explores the teachers’ beliefs about speaking practice in interviews. In combining these data, it aims to examine the role of their beliefs in speaking practice. The findings suggest that the teachers’ decisions and teaching practices may be shaped by their attempts to reconcile communicative principles with their continuing beliefs in the importance of traditional grammar teaching and their perceptions regarding practical constraints (class time and size). In particular, these belief systems may encourage display questions over referential questions, speaking activities focused on grammar or vocabulary, and teacher dominance of talk. These findings provide an opportunity to understand the potential role of beliefs in shaping speaking practice in EFL contexts in Mexico	['SDG04']
580091274	Young people’s mental health	This chapter introduces the topic of young people’s mental health before exploring distinctions between mental health and mental ‘ill’ health and the stigma of many mental health problems. Drawing upon the lived experiences of young people, the chapter considers different understandings of mental ill health – often described as ‘models’ – and the implications for diagnosis, treatment, and support. The biomedical, psychological, and social models are introduced and critically analysed followed by a consideration of how these are combined within more contemporary biopsychosocial approaches	['SDG03']
533377688	Exploring the transitions of Neurodivergent Access students to Level One Study: Narratives of Study Skills and Support	The higher education journey of any student in a distance learning university is a challenging one but this is more so for neurodivergent students. Neurodivergent students have been found to require both academic (Jackson et al. 2018; Ness 2013) and non-academic support (Gelbar et al. 2015) around them to enable to achieve and reach their academic goals. Access programs in The Open University have a widening participation agenda and enrol many Neurodivergent students with diagnoses of autism, ADHD, Dyslexia, Asperger’s syndrome, and Dyspraxia. The study focused on the following three research questions: 1.What forms of support do neurodivergent students transitioning from Access to Level 1 study value? 2.What barriers to success may the current access curriculum create for neurodivergent students? 3.How can neurodivergent students transitioning from Access to level 1 be better supported? Students from the three access modules moving to any level 1 module were included in the sample. This paper focuses on the findings from the five remotely conducted in-depth interviews and an associated photo-elicitation task. Through a thematic analysis, a number of key themes were developed: Finding their own way, Support, quality of tutor support, wider systems of support, understanding assessment, facing new systems, the jump, language of learning and referencing issues. The paper explores these with examples and highlights how these might inform future practice to improve transitions for neurodivergent students. The paper also highlights the limitations institutional focused research with these groups places upon the scope of this kind of research	['SDG10', 'SDG04']
533377700	You get to understand yourself better – Depressed patients’ experience of LTTP. Results from a thematic analysis of PTI interviews		['SDG03']
491445939	The doer effect of failure and recovery in multi-agent cases: service supply chain perspective	Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to explore the doer effect of service failure (SF), good prior experience (GPE) and recovery on overall customer satisfaction and repurchase intentions for multi-agents in tourism service supply chain (TSSC). It specifically focuses on internal and external failure and recovery.Design/methodology/approach - The study employs a 2×2×3 between-subjects experimental design with 12 diverse scenarios. It aims to examine the main effects of GPE and the interaction effects of SF and recovery on overall customer satisfaction and repurchase intentions.Findings - The main findings show that consumers do not show favorable behavioral outcomes when they have GPE with an affiliated party. Results of the experiments demonstrate that for hotels, there is no interaction effect between failure and recovery regarding overall customer satisfaction and repurchase intentions; however, for travel agencies, an interaction effect has been found. This indicates that an internal failure (by travel agency) should be recovered internally to increase the behavioral outcomes for travel agency. However, if there is an external failure (by hotel) then the essential thing is providing a recovery.Originality/value - Although the service literature covers failure and recovery in diverse contexts, these concepts are rarely studied from a multi-agent perspective in the service supply chain literature. In such a chain, a failure by a different party may remain unresolved, and this may create a positive effect on another party, if they provide recovery for the failure. This means that the doer of the failure and/or recovery (the party responsible from the failure and/or recovery) may have an impact on behavioral outcomes. However, previous literature has neglected to focus on the important issue of which entity/party performs the failure and/or recovery, and the effect on behavioral outcomes. By focusing on a principal-agent relationship in a TSSC, the study aims to address this research gap	['SDG12', 'SDG17', 'SDG08']
533377732	The Outcome of the Tavistock Adult depression Study		['SDG03']
533377683	Bioaerosols emission characteristics from wastewater treatment aeration tanks and associated health risk exposure assessment during autumn and winter	Aeration tanks from activated sludge wastewater treatment plants (WWTPs) can release a large amount of bioaerosols that can pose health risks. However, risk characterization of bioaerosols emissions form wastewater treatment plants is currently not systematically carried out and still in its infancy. Therefore, this study investigated emission characteristic of two indicator model bioaerosols Staphylococcus aureus and Escherichia coli, emitted from aeration tanks of a municipal WWTP. Monte Carlo simulation was then used to quantitatively assess microbial risk posed by different aeration modes under optimistic and conservative estimates. Further to this, two different exposure scenarios were considered during 3 days sampling campaign in autumn and winter. Results showed that the bioaerosol concentration from microporous aeration tank (20–262 CFU m−3) was one order of magnitude lower than rotating disc aeration tank. Average aerosolization rate was 7.5 times higher with mechanical aeration mode. Health risks of exposed populations were 0.4 and 9.6 times higher in winter than in autumn for E. coli and S. aureus bioaerosol, respectively. Health risks of staff members were 10 times higher than academic visitors. Interesting results were observed for academic visitors without personal protective equipment (PPE) respectively exposed to S. aureus and E. coli bioaerosol in autumn and winter: while the derived infection risk met the United States Environmental Protection Agency (U.S. EPA) benchmark under optimistic estimation, the disease risk burden was over the World Health Organization (WHO) benchmark under conservative estimation. These revealed that only satisfying one of the two benchmarks didn't mean absolute acceptable health risk. This study could facilitate the development of better understanding of bioaerosol quantitative assessment of risk characterizations and corresponding appropriate risk control strategies for wastewater utilities	['SDG03', 'SDG06']
558643045	Exposure to Paracetamol and Antibiotics in Early Life and Elevated Risk of Asthma in Childhood	Prospective studies on increased risk of childhood asthma due to exposure to paracetamol and antibiotics in early life have yielded contradictory results. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to investigate the association between administration of paracetamol and antibiotics in the first 12 months of life and delayed asthma symptoms later in childhood. This is a cross-sectional study that included 1,063 children from the primary schools in Coimbra, Portugal. ISAAC-based environmental and core asthma and rhinitis questionnaires were used to obtain information about children’s respiratory health and administration of paracetamol and antibiotics. We found that early paracetamol use significantly increased the risk of asthma ever (at least one episode in life) (OR = 2.9; 95 %CI:1.8–4.5), current asthma (OR = 2.4; 95 %CI:1.5–3.6), wheezing ever (OR = 2.5; 95 %CI:1.8–3.4), rhinitis ever (OR = 2.4; 95 %CI:1.7–3.3), and current rhinitis (OR = 2.8; 95 %CI:2.0–3.9). Antibiotic exposure showed a similar effect with the risk for current asthma (OR = 1.6; 95 %CI:1.0–2.5), asthma ever (OR = 2.0; 95 %CI:1.3–3.1), wheeze ever (OR = 2.3; 95 %CI:1.7–3.2), and rhinitis symptoms (OR = 1.8; 95 %CI:1.3–2.6, OR = 1.8; 95 %CI:1.3–2.6, OR = 1.9; 95 %CI:1.2–3.0 for rhinitis ever, current rhinitis, and tearing, respectively). We further found that increased frequency of paracetamol use during the last 12 months preceding the study facilitated the appearance of allergic symptoms, suggesting a dose-dependent associations. In conclusion, the study shows a significant association between exposure to paracetamol and antibiotics in the first 12 months of life and both prevalence and severity of asthma and rhinitis symptoms in children 5–9 years old	['SDG03']
475539852	Revisiting the economics of transactional sex: evidence from Tanzania	Transactional sex has been identified as one of the key structural drivers of the HIV epidemic. Mainstream economic analyses of this practice primarily conceptualise transactional sex in the language of rational choice, with the focus on behavioural decisions that women make over whether to engage in transactional interactions (or not). However, whilst providing some important insights in relation to the role of poverty and the importance of acknowledging that women are more than passive agents, these approaches fail to address the social and economic complexities of this practice that are reflected in the broader literature. Further, due to the technical framework used, there is a failure to deal with the broader socio-economic and historical underpinnings of this practice. Using evidence from fieldwork undertaken in Tanzania, the authors revisit the economics of transactional sex, and offer an alternative economic approach to understanding this practice. They explore the notion that transactional sex is an established local sexual norm, and how this norm is creatively applied and reapplied in a range of situations by different actors, including through participation in local value chains. Their analysis has a number of implications for future prevention efforts that differ from the current focus on microfinance as a means of empowering women	['SDG03', 'SDG05', 'SDG08']
195354061	Randomised controlled trial of a repeated consultation support intervention for patients with colorectal cancer	ObjectiveUK healthcare policy for improving cancer outcomes supports participation of patients in care decisions with clinicians. Consultation Planning, Recording and Summarising (CPRS) has shown evidence of increasing patient decision self‐efficacy, reducing uncertainty, and regret of decisions. This is the first trial of CPRS within the colorectal cancer population and delivered over serial medical consultations.MethodsThis randomised controlled trial compared usual care to the addition of CPRS over consecutive oncology consultations with newly diagnosed colorectal cancer (CRC) patients in Edinburgh, Scotland. The study primarily evaluated patients' perception of their decision self‐efficacy, preparation for decision‐making, decisional conflict, and decisional regret, with secondary measures of anxiety and depression.ResultsCompared with usual care, overall, the intervention group reported significantly higher decision self‐efficacy (P = 0.001) and preparation for decision‐making (P P = 0.018) and regret (P = 0.039). The repeated intervention patients felt significantly better prepared for each consultation (P P = 0.05) and after (P = 0.031) consultation one, and after consultation three (P = 0.004); and reported lower decisional conflict after consultation two (P = 0.007). Analyses comparing groups over time on decisional variables and anxiety and depression were underpowered because of attrition.ConclusionsAmong colorectal cancer patients, CPRS was associated with decisional benefits before and after each consultation and 3 months after the last consultation. It appears that CPRS patients began their first medical consultation on a better trajectory but did not widen the gap over time. More research is needed on the benefits of CPRS being administered once or consecutively	['SDG17', 'SDG03']
195354063	Measuring Commitment to Special Interests in Adults on the Autism Spectrum	Background: Special or ‘circumscribed’ interests play a prominent role in the behavioural phenotype of autism in both children and adults. Yet how and why individuals with autism engage with their special interests and the impact of these interests on well-being are poorly understood. Parental reports tend to emphasise troublesome and functionally impairing features and few studies have directly explored special interests in adults. This study addressed these gaps using an online self-report questionnaire for a large sample of male and female adults with autism and neurotypical controls.  Objectives: i) To compare how adults on the autism spectrum and neurotypical controls engage with special interests in terms of intensity of commitment and reasons for attraction ii) to explore whether level of commitment to a special interest is related to well-being.Methods: Participants were 175 adults with an Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) diagnosis (95 males; 80 females) and 330 adult neurotypical (NT) controls (237 males; 93 females). Participants completed the survey via the online questionnaire interface of The Open University’s Biomedical Online Research Network (BORN). The questionnaire included item ratings on a specially developed Special Interest Commitment Scale (SICS), and on questions exploring participants’ reasons for attraction to their chosen interest.    Participants also completed Cantril’s Happiness Ladder (1965), the Satisfaction With Life Scale (Dieder et al., 1985) and the Rosenberg Self-Esteem Scale (Rosenberg, 1965).Results: The Special Interest Commitment Scale (SICS) comprised 8 items with good internal consistency (Cronbach’s Alpha=.84).  On the SICS, ASD participants showed significantly more intense commitment to their interest than controls (p<.0001). For instance, 61.1% of ASD participants vs. 31.6% of controls indicated that their special interest is the most important thing in their life (p <.0001). Participants with ASD were significantly more likely than controls to report that their interest prevented interactions with other people (64.2% vs. 28.0% p<.0001), and that others said they talked too much about it (56.2% vs.23.6% p<.0001). On the ‘reasons for attraction’ measure, ASD participants placed significantly less value than controls on meeting others through their interest and on encountering the unexpected, and were significantly more likely to value scope within their interest for predictability and order, being in control, and spending time alone (all p <.0001). For ASD participants SICS scores were unrelated to happiness, life satisfaction and self-esteem measures, while for controls there were modest negative correlations ( happiness: r= -.18, p=.004; life satisfaction: r= -.16, p=.01; self-esteem: r= -.13, p=.04).    Conclusions: Participants with ASD showed more intense commitment to their interests than controls. According to some previous research, intense special interests in autism are functionally impairing, as they impede meeting new people and engaging with new experiences.  However, in this study ASD participants were positively attracted by the regularity and ‘non-social’ qualities of their interests such as predictability, order, control and spending time alone. Correspondingly, for the ASD group only, special interest commitment was not negatively related to happiness, life satisfaction and self-esteem, confirming that for this group, intense, somewhat solitary interests can be benign if not life-enhancing	['SDG03', 'SDG10']
554438480	English as a Medium of Instruction and Social Justice in Higher Education in Bangladesh and Nepal: A Capability Perspective	English medium instruction (EMI) in higher education is not entirely a new phenomenon in South Asia. Although previous studies have reported on EMI in Bangladesh and Nepal, the focus has been on the policy and only limited attention has been given to its impact on social inequality. This chapter begins by historically situating the English language in education in Bangladesh and Nepal by surveying the existing literature. Then it presents the current EMI situation by examining existing language in education policy documents and EMI survey data from STEM and business students and teachers of two well-established universities (one from each country). The data are further scrutinised in relation to social justice by applying Amartya Sen’s (1999) capabilities approach, specifically expansion of capabilities (capacity development and opportunities) which is novel in EMI research in higher education. The chapter will conclude with implications for EMI and social justice in higher education in these two countries and similar contexts	['SDG10', 'SDG04']
82983589	Branded Lives: The Production and Consumption of Meaning at Work.	Branded Lives explores the increasingly popular concept of employee branding as a new form of employment relationship based on brand representation. In doing so it examines the ways in which the production and consumption of meaning at work are increasingly mediated by the brand.This insightful collection draws on qualitative empirical studies in a range of contexts to include services, retail and manufacturing organizations. The contributors explore the nuances of employee branding from various disciplinary standpoints such as: organization studies, marketing, human resource management and industrial relations. They take a critical perspective on work and organizations and document the lived experience of work and employment under branded conditions. In investigating the extent to which a variety of organizational strategies seek to mould workplace meanings and practices to further build and sustain brand value and the effectiveness of these in terms of employee responses, the authors question whether the attempt to ‘brand’ workers’ lives actually enhances or diminishes the meaning and experience of work	['SDG08', 'SDG10']
533762559	Overcoming adversity for disabled students in higher education in Indonesia	Disabled Indonesian students experience profound barriers in accessing and succeeding in higher education.  This chapter examines the adversities that they face and the impact that this can have on their lives. It then considers  the work of a Pusat Studi dan Layanan Disabilitas (Disability Study and Service Center), and uses feedback from disabled students to consider how successful this centre has been in addressing these barriers. This highlights areas where progress remains problematic, as well as identifying several positive initiatives that have the potential to act as models for supporting the development of inclusive higher education across Indonesia	['SDG04', 'SDG10']
82913915	Political police and the European nation-state in the nineteenth century	About the book: The role of the police has, from its beginnings, been ambiguous, even janus-faced. This volume focuses on one of its controversial aspects by showing how the police have been utilized in the past by regimes in Europe, the USA and the British Empire to check political dissent and social unrest. Ideologies such as anti-Communism emerge as significant influences in both democracies and dictatorships. And by shedding new light on policing continuities in twentieth-century Germany and Italy, as well as Interpol, this volume questions the compatibility of democratic government and political policing	['SDG16']
82983517	Agronomy of Grassland Systems [second edition]		['SDG15', 'SDG02']
82979438	The role of management and landscape context in the restoration of grassland phytophagous beetles.	1. Declines in area and quality of species-rich mesotrophic and calcareous grasslands have occurred all across Europe. While the European Union has promoted schemes to restore these grasslands, the emphasis for management has remained largely focused on plants. Here we focus on restoration of the phytophagous beetles of these grasslands. Although local management, particularly that which promotes the establishment of host plants, is key to restoration success, dispersal limitation is also likely to be an important limiting factor during the restoration of phytophagous beetle assemblages.2. Using a 3-year multi-site experiment, we investigated how restoration success of phytophagous beetles was affected by hay-spreading management (intended to introduce target plant species), success in restoration of the plant communities and the landscape context within which restoration was attempted.3. Restoration success of the plants was greatest where green hay spreading had been used to introduce seeds into restoration sites. Beetle restoration success increased over time, although hay-spreading had no direct effect. However, restoration success of the beetles was positively correlated with restoration success of the plants.4. Overall restoration success of the phytophagous beetles was positively correlated with the proportion of species-rich grassland in the landscape, as was the restoration success of the polyphagous beetles. Restoration success for beetles capable of flight and those showing oligophagous host plant specialism were also positively correlated with connectivity to species-rich grasslands. There was no indication that beetles not capable of flight showed greater dependence on landscape scale factors than flying species.5.Synthesis and applications. Increasing the similarity of the plant community at restoration sites to target species-rich grasslands will promote restoration success for the phytophagous beetles. However, landscape context is also important, with restoration being approximately twice as successful in those landscapes containing high as opposed to low proportions of species-rich grassland. By targeting grassland restoration within landscapes containing high proportions of species-rich grassland, dispersal limitation problems associated with restoration for invertebrate assemblages are more likely to be overcome	['SDG13', 'SDG15']
82983571	UV-visible absorbance spectroscopy as a proxy for peatland dissolved organic carbon (DOC) quantity and quality: considerations on wavelength and absorbance degradation	Absorbance in the UV or visible spectrum (UV-vis) is commonly used as a proxy for DOC concentrations in waters draining upland catchments. To determine the appropriateness of different UV-vis measurements we used surface and pore water samples from two Welsh peatlands in four different experiments: (i) an assessment of single wavelength proxies (1 nm increments between 230–800 nm) for DOC concentration demonstrated that 254 nm was more accurate than 400 nm. The highest R2 values between absorbance and DOC concentration were generated using 263 nm for one sample set (R2 = 0.91), and 230 nm for the other three sample sets (respective R2 values of 0.86, 0.81, and 0.93). (ii) A comparison of different DOC concentration proxies, including single wavelength proxies, a two wavelength model, a proxy using phenolic concentration, and a proxy using the area under a UV spectrum at 250–350 nm. It was found that both a single wavelength proxy (≤263 nm) and a two wavelength model performed well for both pore water and surface water. (iii) An evaluation of the E2:E3, E2:E4, E4:E6 ratios, and SUVA (absorbance at 254 nm normalised to DOC concentration) as indicators of DOC quality showed that the E4:E6 ratio was subject to extensive variation over time, and was highly correlated between surface water and pore water, suggesting that it is a useful metric to determine temporal changes in DOC quality. (iv) A repeated weekly analysis over twelve weeks showed no consistent change in UV-vis absorbance, and therefore an inferred lack of degradation of total DOC in samples that were filtered and stored in the dark at 4 °C	['SDG13', 'SDG15', 'SDG06']
82983528	Inhibition of N-glycanase1 induces autophagic clearance of protein aggregates	Quality control of protein folding is crucial to the maintenance of cellular homeostasis. Impairment of these systems and the related degradative pathways involved in the clearance of misfolded proteins can result in severe and varied pathologies. Peptide N-glycanase (EC 3.5.1.52) is an endoglycosidase which cleaves N-linked glycans from incorrectly folded glycoproteins exported from the endoplasmic reticulum and occurs prior to degradation by the 26S proteasome and is important for the degradation of misfolded glycoproteins during ER-associated degradation. Mutations in this enzyme are responsible for the rare disorder, N-GLY1, a congenital multi-system disorder which results in a build-up of protein aggregates in the cell cytosol. Using a pharmacological inhibitor of peptide N-glycanase, carbobenzoxy-valyl-ananyl-aspartyl-[O-methyl]-fluoromethylketone (Z-VAD-fmk), we have found that inhibition of Nglycanase using 50 µM Z-VAD-fmk resulted in an increase in Thioflavin T fluorescence intensity after 48 hours which decreases to near basal levels after 72 hours. Thioflavin T is a fluorescent dye that exhibits enhanced fluorescence upon binding to β-sheets, characteristic of aggregated structures and fibril formation. Changes in characteristic ER stress markers were also observed; variation in the expression of BiP (GRP78), which is increased during the unfolded protein response, was observed to correlate with the changes in Thioflavin T fluorescence. Using a GFP-LC3 reporter in HEK cells we found an increase in autophagy after 72 hours of peptide N-glycanase inhibition. The increase in autophagy corresponded to the decrease in Thioflavin T fluorescence and variation in BiP levels, suggesting that protein aggregates were removed by the induction of autophagy when deglycosylation is impaired. In an autophagy deficient cell line, ATG13-/- MEFs, we found inhibition of peptide N-glycanase by 50 µM Z-VAD-fmk lead to a 45 % decrease in cell viability within 24 hours with no loss of viability seen in the corresponding wild type MEFs or HEK cells. These results show that autophagy is essential for removal of protein aggregates resulting from the inhibition of peptide N-glycanase. Further work will focus on the investigation of the autophagic machinery linked to clearance of protein aggregates caused by peptide N-glycanase inhibition	['SDG03']
82983511	Physically Active Leisure and the Transition to Retirement: The Value of Context	The purpose of this paper is to explore the everyday experiences of physically active leisure during the transition to retirement. Twenty-five adults aged 47–66 who were recently retired or nearing retirement blogged during three different two-week sessions over one year and participated in follow up focus groups. Data were analysed using initial, focused, and selective coding. Findings provided insights into participants’ experiences of physically active leisure in the context of their everyday lives. First, increased freedom in daily schedules led to both appreciation for spontaneity and a desire for structure. Second, participants experienced new constraints related to the loss of social networks and work-related physical activity. Finally, participants described physically active leisure as being connected to meaningful outcomes such as enjoying the outdoors, stress-relief, or socializing with family and friends. Physically active leisure was described as one health priority among many and one of several healthy leisure alternatives	['SDG03']
82913874	The Persistent Prison: Problems, Images and Alternatives	In the United Kingdom, as elsewhere, prison is commonly seen as the best means of dealing with offenders. There is little debate about alternatives to prison and little awareness of what kinds of individuals are actually incarcerated and for what offences; nor are their experiences of prison generally understood. The essays in this book range widely over these issues. The main focus is the British situation, but there is also discussion of alternatives – chain gangs, electronic tagging – experimented with elsewhere.This book was produced in association with the International Centre for Comparative Criminological Research at the Open University and with the support the Restorative Justice Programme of the Esmée Fairbairn Foundation	['SDG16']
82913930	A typology of nineteenth-century police	Taking as its starting points the Bobby in Victorian England and some of the general conclusions of David H. Bayley's comparative work, this essay suggests that three basic types of police developed in nineteenth-century Europe. Focussing primarily on England, France, Italy and Prussia it argues that, in terms of accountability, control and form, state civilian, state military, and civilian municipal police can be delineated as Weberian ideal types. Individual states did not necessarily develop all three types ; but everywhere governments sought to learn and/or borrow from the police system and pratice of their neighbours, central governments were generality in negotiation with local government over policing matters, and were otherwise constrained by traditions and finance. The essay concludes by posing some very general questions for future work regarding police autonomy and police violence	['SDG16']
82983533	How does image background colour influence facial identification?	In the UK, identification lineups have a standard background, either grey for VIPER lineups, or green for PROMAT lineups. However, as lineup fillers and suspects are filmed under a variety of lighting conditions, there can be a large variation in the colours of the background on which lineup members are presented, potentially causing some faces to appear more salient than others. Using the 1-in-10 face recognition paradigm (Bruce et al., 1999), we investigated whether manipulating the background colour of faces influenced identification for target present (TP) and target absent (TA) arrays. The first experiment used faces that were the same race (SR) as the participants, and found the colour manipulation significantly increased accuracy for TP lineups. The second experiment investigated the relationship between this effect and the own race effect (ORE). The ORE predicts individuals are more likely to correctly identify SR as compared to OR faces from TP lineups, and falsely identify OR faces from TA lineups at a higher rate to SR faces (Brigham, Bennett, Meissner & Mitchell, 2007). Results are discussed in terms of the implications for the creation and use of lineups and the relationship between background colour variation and the own race effect (ORE)	['SDG16']
360346570	Live, interactive fieldcasts: How flexible and robust is our technology and teaching design to multiple changes?	For the last four years, second level Environmental Science (S206/SXF206) students have participated in a one-week field investigation undertaken by three lecturers at an ecology field site on the OU campus, using the KMi developed platform Stadium Live. This involves two field broadcasts and one lab broadcast lasting around 30 minutes each. During the ‘fieldcasts’ students use the widgets to identify potential things to investigate; select the form of investigation, hypothesis, sampling method and analysis method; and decide the interpretation of the results. The aims of the fieldcast activity are to model the scientific method applied in the context of field investigations, to introduce students (and widen access) to practical fieldwork and demonstrate the practical application of environmental science. Over the four years, the fieldcasts have been subjected to several changes: they have become a compulsory part of the module, the broadcast date has moved from mid spring to late winter, the site has changed, the presenters have changed, and technology has developed.  In this presentation we will discuss how these changes have affected the production process, staff and student experiences, and the robustness, flexibility and accessibility of the technology and teaching design	['SDG04']
533377590	Overcoming Adversity in Education	Education exists within a complex and changing world and many learners face a variety of risk factors—conditions, circumstances, situations, or events—that threaten to negatively impact upon their development and achievement. These factors include disability, race, gender, poverty, violence, and natural disasters. It is adversities such as these that this book addresses - what they are, how they impact on learners and how to successfully address them. Uniquely, Overcoming Adversity in Education takes an international approach, with structured chapters by experts from around the world, to inform successful local practices. The book explains why understanding adversity in education is so important, and explores through practical case studies, ways in which individuals, institutions, cultures/societies, can help create positive outcomes for learners. The reader will find, and be able to draw upon, exemplars of practice that illustrate the principles of creating and implementing successful proactive approaches, interventions, and coping strategies	['SDG04', 'SDG10']
82900398	Early years education in England and little c creativity: the third wave?	This paper explores ordinary creativity as characterised in two significant curriculum landmarks applicable to young children.  The first of these was the 1967 Plowden Report, its recommenda- tions and influence, on child-centred approaches to teaching and learning.  Although not specifically about creativity, the Plowden Report spawned changes in ways in which pedagogy and learning were conceived of and resourced.  Creative pursuits formed an important part of the conceptualising of the curriculum.  The second major set of influences examined in this article involves three policy initiatives rooted in the 1990s; the Early Learning Goals for 3 - 5 year olds (2000), the report of the National Advisory Committee on Creative and Cultural Education: ‘All Our Futures’, or the NACCCE report (1999), on the place of creativity in the pre-school and school curriculum - and the National Curriculum, for children aged 5 - 16.  In this article, I propose a distinct notion of creativity which belongs to neither of these two eras, but which grows from them.  It is a notion of ‘personal effectiveness’, or ‘little c creativity’ as way of concep- tualising creativity.  I suggest that it represents a ‘third way’ or ‘third wave’ of understanding the meaning and potential of creativity in the early years of education.  The core of the Third Wave, I argue involves creativity as the capacity to route-find, across and through life.  In this sense it is practical and involves both skill and disposition.  It involves using imagination, intelligence, self-creation and self-expression, and does not necessarily involve a product-outcome	['SDG04']
82910595	The politics of Avoided Deforestation: historical context and contemporary issues	This paper outlines the ideas and political debates that contributed to the December 2007 decision of parties to the Framework Convention on Climate Change to explore ways of reducing emissions from deforestation in developing countries, what is referred to here as ‘avoided deforestation’ (AD). Although the decision reflected international concern at anthropogenic climate change and deforestation (especially in the tropics), the concept of AD, and contemporary debates on this subject, need to be understood in a broader historical context. International political disagreements on the distribution of the world's natural, financial and technological resources and on global social inequalities are now enmeshed with international forest and climate politics. The paper discusses two variants of an international AD; carbon trading and ODA. It then explores some of the political controversies that are likely to arise when agreeing the fine details of an international mechanism for AD	['SDG13', 'SDG15']
82903731	Patterns in the telling: single women's intimate relationships with men	This article explores some ways in which women not living with an intimate partner talk about their relationships with men. Data are considered in relation to social theorising on the changing nature of intimate relationships. The analysis makes use of traditions in narrative analysis and critical discursive psychology to identify some patterns in the telling, including common cultural resources that are drawn on by speakers. Patterned ways of portraying relationships identified in the data discussed here include a self-blame approach in describing extreme behaviour from the man concerned, and a repudiation of any intention of commitment through talk of the positive features of relationships with unavailable men. A further way of talking introduces a 'new realism' in which relationships are depicted as right for a time but dispensable when their time is up. The analysis suggests that concepts of individualisation and impermanence in relationships provide new cultural resources that women can draw on in providing a self-narrative. The data demonstrate the detailed rhetorical work involved in producing a positive account of the self as a single woman	['SDG05']
82905836	Consuming Crime and Avoiding Punishment: Media Influence in the Shaping of Public Perceptions of Crime and Sentencing	This chapter is based on research funded by the Esmee Fairbairn Foundation: Re-thinking Crime and Punishment. It argues that crime dramas are just as influential as crime news in shaping public understanding of sentencing. Sentencing issues have relatively low media priority. Crime is more dramatic and appealing to audiences than punishment. Even avid consumers of media crime can avoid reflecting on punishment because of the way crime narratives are typically structured. This makes securing public approval for alternatives to prison more difficult. This research and chapter is widely cited and contributed to storylines about the value of community based sentencing in three soap operas	['SDG16']
82910972	Regenerative capacity of cultured neurons following photodynamic therapy in a 3D collagen gel culture system	Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is a promising treatment modality for cancer which involves administration of a photosensitising agent that can be activated subsequently within a patient's cells, resulting in cell death from oxidative damage. Peripheral nerve sparing has been reported following PDT with the photosensitiser meta(tetra-hydroxyphenyl) chlorin (mTHPC) [1 & 2]. Dorsal root ganglia (DRG) neurons have been shown to be relatively insensitive to mTHPC-PDT doses that killed other cell types in a 3D collagen culture system [3]. The aim here was to determine the extent to which 'surviving' neurons were able to sprout neurites as an indication of functional recovery following PDT	['SDG03']
82903267	Coupling of climate change and biotic UV exposure through changing snow–ice covers in terrestrial habitats	During the spring, when ozone depletion at the polar regions is at its maximum and consequently the environmental UV exposure is potentially high, many terrestrial communities are covered in snow and heterogeneous snow-encrusted ice that form near the edges of snowpack. Using field measurements and a theoretical radiative transfer model, we calculated the thicknesses of these covers that are necessary to reduce DNA-weighted dose to levels equal to or lower than those received later in the season in the absence of covers when there is no ozone depletion. This depth is approximately 4 cm for a 60% depletion of the ozone column, suggesting that even thin snow–ice covers are enough to completely cancel the biological effects of ozone depletion. Loss of snow–ice covers during early summer can be rapid. The maximum rate of retreat of snow cover measured during November at Mars Oasis, Antarctica (71.9°S, 68.2°W), was 44.1 cm/day, with a mean retreat of 15.4 cm/day. Climate warming might increase UV-radiation damage by melting UV-protecting terrestrial snow–ice covers earlier in the season, when ozone depletion is more severe. Conversely, climate cooling could increase UV-protection afforded to terrestrial communities by increasing the extent of snow and ice covers. Even if anthropogenic ozone depletion is eventually reversed, these data suggest the importance of climate forcing in determining UV exposures of terrestrial microbial communities in snow- and ice-covered environments	['SDG13', 'SDG15']
82905979	Critical approaches to security in Europe. A network manifesto	In the last decade, critical approaches have substantially reshaped the theoretical landscape of security studies in Europe. Yet, despite an impressive body of literature, there remains fundamental disagreement as to what counts as critical in this context. Scholars are still arguing in terms of ‘schools’, while there has been an increasing and sustained cross-fertilization among critical approaches. Finally, the boundaries between critical and traditional approaches to security remain blurred. The aim of this article is therefore to assess the evolution of critical views of approaches to security studies in Europe, discuss their theoretical premises, investigate their intellectual ramifications, and examine how they coalesce around different issues (such as a state of exception). The article then assesses the political implications of critical approaches. This is done mainly by analysing processes by which critical approaches to security percolate through a growing number of subjects (such as development, peace research, risk management). Finally, ethical and research implications are explored	['SDG16']
131317213	The amazingly patient tutor: students’ interactions with an online carbohydrate chemistry course	Many multimedia chemistry courses fail to reach their full educational potential as they do not engage the learner in a meaningful task or give appropriate feedback. Though molecular modelling is a recognised technique widely used in chemistry to enable students to grasp difficult concepts, tutorials often do not afford students either the time or scope to learn by experimenting with molecular structures. In this paper we describe the educational development of a web based organic chemistry tutorial which aims to enable students to learn chemical concepts through the manipulation of structural formulae and the provision of appropriate feedback. An online chemical structure modelling tool was developed to enable molecules to be drawn online and to provide feedback. The aim of this study is to address key issues relevant to the development of educational resources of this nature. It will be of particular interest to teachers and lecturers working within Science and Engineering, audio–visual staff and educational developers	['SDG04']
82912966	Hannah Jones, consent and the child in action: a legal commentary	The case of Hannah Jones hit the national news in the UK with headlines proclaiming that a young girl had been allowed to make an end of life decision. The case raises the question of whether someone of Hannah's age should be allowed to make decisions about end of life treatment. However, as this article demonstrates, this case involves nothing more than the consent process in action, and that Hannah merely exercised her legal rights on consent and treatment	['SDG03']
82905987	Globalization and social policy	This book critically evaluates the relevance and implications of globalisation in relation to both the academic study of social policy and social welfare provision. It: examines the implications of globalisation for social policy analysis and provision; analyses how social policies and politics contribute to and shape globalising strategiees; argues that the degree to which globalisation gives rise to systematic changes in the funding, regulation and provision of welfare has been over-estimated; demonstrates that national and local forces remain decisive in understanding the development of social policy	['SDG16', 'SDG03']
82902674	Drawing the Line: Nature, Hybridity and Politics in Transboundary Spaces	This book provides the first comprehensive and critical examination of the spatial assumptions underpinning transboundary protected areas in Europe, at a time of surging global enthusiasm in creating and managing such areas. It explores how the reliance on the natural science approach to space within environmental planning has led to a return of exclusionary discourses, in paradoxical contrast to the stated claims of designing 'peace parks'. The book builds a much-needed link between the critical geopolitical literature on boundaries and social approaches to nature and hybridity. Drawing the Line is theoretically informed yet grounded in substantial fieldwork from sites in France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and the Ukraine. It uses material from the field to build and question theoretical debates, moving beyond site-specific issues to wider patterns and trends	['SDG11', 'SDG17', 'SDG15']
82977553	Pupils, teachers & palmtop computers	This paper presents a snapshot of the IT skills of staff and Year 8 students in a secondary school prior to their receiving personal palmtop computers and after a short acquaintance with them. Previously, most staff made relatively little use of the knowledge they had of ‘content-free’ computer applications in their school work, whereas students had little knowledge of such applications. Access to the palmtop, however, increased the staff's use of such applications in their work, particularly for administration (e.g. class registers and assessment scores). A minority of staff remained unconvinced about the potential of the computer and many were dissatisfied with the amount and quality of INSET in the use of the palmtop and in IT in general. The students learned about the main content-free applications relatively quickly and used them frequently. The report highlights the need for adequate and careful training so that teachers become aware of the range of uses and possible benefits of IT	['SDG04', 'SDG09']
84152889	Clinical and Neuropsychological Aspects of Closed Head Injury		['SDG03']
82977558	New Europe-New Energy: sustainable energy in the expanded EU	"Over the past 10 years, researchers at the Open University (OU) in the UK have been involved with a New Europe-New Energy project, which has attempted to monitor and assist the development of sustainable energy policies and technologies in the new European Union (EU) countries - in particular, but not exclusively, those countries emerging from the break-up of the former Soviet Union. ...In June 2005, the Open University team reported on the progress made at the ""Globalisation, New Economy and the Environment"" conference in St Petersburg. This chapter is, in effect, an update of that report (Cook and Elliot, 2005)"	['SDG13', 'SDG07']
82977563	Role-models in health care: should spiritual care of the dying be the concern of health professionals?	The domains of medicine and healthcare are replete with role models of all kinds – the caring nurse (usually a woman), the skilled surgeon (usually a man) and the expert physician are some examples that come to mind. Speaking to Goffman’s paradigm, these are ‘front stage’ role models; others located ‘back stage’ might include scientists and technologists, all working to advance health and defeat disease. This illustrates how the work of caring for health comprises a number of professional subcultures each with its own demarcation and jurisdiction of practice often defended in the pursuit of enhancing specialized knowledge and preserving disciplinary autonomy. Increasingly, however, we are seeing calls for greater cross-disciplinary collaboration amongst healthcare professionals to provide person-centred care as acknowledgement of the multiple impacts of ill health for individuals and families. This particularly has been the case in palliative care philosophy that seeks to offer integrated physical, psychosocial and spiritual care for those living with terminal illness.Although an established medical specialty, palliative care challenges the medical domain of cure, promoting holistic approaches to patient wellbeing. The emphasis within this model on spiritual aspects of care has raised challenges for clinicians primarily concerned with cure of physical and psychological malfunction. Spiritual care of dying people contributes to a relational model of illness and death. In contrast to the medical model, the relational model helps to put the dying person ‘back together again’ in their full context, embedding them in a personal and social history.Spiritual care is part, not only of hospice care, but also of general nursing practice that recognizes the importance of spirituality in patient health. Nursing, as a particular role model of professionalized care, has continued to struggle with the delivery of spiritual care with much literature devoted to considering enhancing understanding of the concept of spirituality and its application to nursing practice in ways meaningful to patients. Given the complexity of the existential realities confronting dying people for whom often the focus is on their families, unfinished business as well as a plethora of other ‘legacy’ concerns, is it now time to ask more fundamental questions about the appropriateness of health professionals’ involvement in the spiritual care of those facing death? A further question is whether palliative care that has received almost universal social approval, should be more discriminating in its ‘domains’ of practice. In responding to these questions, this paper will argue for a different approach based on a community role model that fosters development of skills of individuals and families in seeing death as a normal part of life and spiritual care of dying people as part of our humanity. The sociologist, Allan Kellehear, has long been advocating for a shift in approaches to delivering spiritual care away from traditional professional models. This paper will explore some of his ideas together with my own that centre on connectivity through storytelling, faith, reflection, mutual enrichment and spiritual care as something we give to each other and not something we rely on ‘professional others’ to take responsibility for. Whilst for many, spiritual care is principally a matter of religious faith, in an age of increasing secularism this issue has taken on new dimensions and possibilities	['SDG03']
82912008	40Ar/39Ar dating of oil generation and migration at complex continental margins	Oil-bearing fluid inclusions trapped within authigenic K-feldspar in Late Jurassic reservoirs throughout the UK Atlantic margin are evidence for an early oil migration event from Late Jurassic source rocks in the Faeroe-Shetland Basin. Previous compound-specific isotope studies confirm the hydrocarbon provenance. Temperature-composition-time data show that the Late Jurassic source rocks were oil mature 113 ± 3.5 Ma (2σ). This new 40Ar/39Ar authigenic K-feldspar age shows that the Late Jurassic source rocks were oil mature 30–40 m.y. prior to current estimates	['SDG12']
82902525	Josephine Butler and the international traffic in women	About the book: Sex, Gender, and Religion: Josephine Butler Revisited will appeal to readers interested in women's subjectivity and agency. Josephine Butler (1828-1906) spearheaded campaigns against state regulation of prostitution. A gifted platform speaker, she enthused a variety of British and European audiences, and wrote abundantly about her cause. Contributors revisit Butler after the end of the twentieth century, where she has been fêted, forgotten, and then rediscovered as reformer, mystic, and feminist. Firmly locating Butler within her context, this book breaks new ground by focusing on the role of religion in her life and work, as well as on Butler as (auto)biographer, writing her own self as she writes her campaign	['SDG10', 'SDG05', 'SDG16']
82976861	Participatory action research for professional development: changing our approach to distance learning	This paper details a mini-case of (a) the implementation of a professional development program which underpins the design, development and implementation of renewing curriculum for improved distance education learning experiences; and (b) using an alternative open-source learning management system, Sakai. The methodology of Participatory Action Research (PAR) has proved important for gaining deep engagement and conceptual change of teaching and learning practices. The min-case reflects the voices of various members of the project throughout the first PAR cycle. The focus of this minicase is on ‘who leads’ in relation to professional development of/with academic staff. There is some focus on how the project came about, how professional development has been pursued and how one academic has experienced the process so far. The lessons drawn from the project at this first stage will be of interest to a wide audience especially in relation to the methodology. The lessons do not intend to be generalisable beyond this context but for many they will “ring true” and add to the substantive emerging field of professional development when using technologies for enhancing student learning	['SDG04', 'SDG09']
82909954	Democratic innovation: Deliberation, representation and association	About the book:Democratic Innovation is an original look at the political future of democracy, exploring the latest ideas aimed at renewing popular power. Featuring new writings by leading European, American and Australian democratic theorists, this book explores the following themes: * the importance of public deliberation in democracies * how effective representation for all might be acheived * the role that voluntary associations can play in democratic governanc	['SDG16']
82978376	Historical and future learning about climate sensitivity	Equilibrium climate sensitivity measures the long-term response of surface temperature to changes in atmospheric CO2. The range of climate sensitivities in the IPCC AR5 Report is unchanged from that published almost 30 years earlier in the Charney Report. We conduct perfect-model experiments using an energy balance model to study the rate at which uncertainties might be reduced by observation of global temperature and ocean heat uptake. We find that a climate sensitivity of 1.5 <°C can be statistically distinguished from 3 °C by 2030; 3 °C from 4.5 °C by 2040; and 4.5 °C from 6 °C by 2065. Learning rates are slowest in the scenarios of greatest concern (high sensitivities), due to a longer ocean response time, which may have bearing on wait-and-see vs. precautionary mitigation policies. Learning rates are optimistic in presuming the availability of whole- ocean heat data, but pessimistic by using simple aggregated metrics and model physics	['SDG13']
82978353	Learner contributions in an open and distance language setting	Much has been written on the contributions learners make to their study of language learning in the classroom (Breen, 2001; Dörnyei & Ushioda, 2009; Larsen-Freeman, 2001; Robinson, 2002), and how these are central to the language learning process, but there is less research that directly addresses the contributions of learners in settings that demand a greater role for the learner, such as open and distance language learning (Hurd, 2003, 2007; White, 2003). In any learning context, these contributions, both cognitive and affective, take many forms and cover a wide spectrum ranging from fixed innate factors such as age and aptitude, to variables amenable to change such as motivation, anxiety and emotional states. Others lie in an area that is less easy to categorise in that they are largely stable but may be amenable to change in certain circumstances, such as learning strategies, beliefs and attitudes, goals and approaches, and these are of particular interest as they indicate an area where intervention by others can make a positive difference. In an open and distance learning setting, it could be argued that the context itself, through its potential for isolation and reduced opportunities for face-to-face interaction, suggests a more complex picture of learner contributions. Moreover, difficulties of access to learners, their entitlement to privacy and a mode of communication that is almost entirely virtual make any investigation into their learning profiles especially problematic. This chapter is concerned with three main topics: (1) the nature of learner contributions in an open and distance language learning setting, (2) the power of such contributions to influence learning, and (3) the appropriateness and timing of pedagogical intervention to take account of these contributions and provide targeted learner support (see also Carson, this volume). Set in the context of open and distance language learning in the UK, the chapter starts with a discussion of learner contributions in relation to research into individual difference. We examine first the research literature on individual difference and learner contributions, focusing in particular on the complex issue of context and the impact of affect as a variable amenable to change. We then offer two case studies to illustrate aspects of the range and diversity of individual differences among adult learners in open and distance language learning. We conclude with a discussion on the nature of advising in this context, the need for learners to manage and actively contribute to their learning, and the role of the tutor in providing a supportive framework which takes account of individual difference, balancing proactive support with respect for learner independence and the fostering of learner autonomy	['SDG04']
82902606	Impact of nitrogen deposition on the species richness of grasslands	range of ambient annual nitrogen deposition in the industrialized world (5 to 35 kg Nha–1 year–1), indicates that long-term, chronic nitrogen deposition has significantly reduced plant species richness. Species richness declines as a linear function of the rate of inorganic nitrogen deposition, with a reduction of one species per 4-m2 quadrat for every 2.5 kg Nha–1 year–1 of chronic nitrogen deposition. Species adapted to infertile conditions are systematically reduced at high nitrogen deposition. At the mean chronic nitrogen deposition rate of central Europe (17 kg Nha–1 year–1), there is a 23% species reduction compared with grasslands receiving the lowest levels of nitrogen deposition	['SDG13', 'SDG15']
169435209	Towards an “Ethics by Design” Methodology for AI Research Projects	Addressing ethical issues arising from AI research, and by extension from most areas of Data Science, is a core challenge in both the academic and industry worlds. The nature of research and the specific set of technical skills involved imply that AI and Data Science researchers are not equipped to identify and anticipate such issues arising, or to establish solutions at the time a specific research project is being designed. In this paper, we discuss the need for a methodology for ethical research design that involves a broader set of skills from the start of the project. We specifically identify, from the relevant literature, a set of requirements that we argue to be needed for such a methodology. We then explore two case studies where such ethical considerations have been explored in conjunction with the development of specific research projects, in order to validate those assumptions and generalise them into a set of principles guiding an “Ethics by Design” method for conducting AI and Data Science research	['SDG16', 'SDG09']
82902568	Development and urban policy: Johannesburg’s city development strategy	City development strategies (CDS) have emerged as an important new initiative in international policy and practice. This paper considers their significance by exploring recent initiatives to formulate a city strategy for Johannesburg, South Africa. The Johannesburg CDS emerged out of the local demand for a post- apartheid vision for South African cities as well as a renewed enthusiasm for city-level economic planning within international development agencies and consultancies. As with CDSs in other resource-stretched cities, in order to address the distinctive challenges of their highly unequal city, Johannesburg's policy-makers had to draw on ideas which transcend conventional divisions between poverty relief and urban growth strategies. The Joburg CDS process provides an important basis for overcoming longstanding divisions between accounts of wealthier Western cities and poorer cities in developing country contexts. Johannesburg's distinctive challenges, stretching from accommodating cutting-edge global economic activities to supporting basic service delivery in informal settlements, highlights the paucity of existing urban policy discourses—which offer few ready-made solutions for any city, but especially not to those faced with significant structural inequities. Attending to strategic challenges in cities that have limited resources, it is suggested, could provoke new agendas and insights for city managers and urban scholars everywhere. Here, we explore the tensions between the policy agendas of economic growth and development, and the policy processes of participation and formal institutional politics. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR	['SDG01', 'SDG11', 'SDG10']
82902874	Distance education and self-study	It is not my purpose to specify how distance education and self-study should be used to teach astronomy in developing countries - my teaching experience in such countries, though not negligible, is rather too limited for that. I do, however, have extensive experience of distance education in the U.K., and therefore my purpose in this article is to display the characteristics of distance education, and of self-study, in order to promote debate about how they can best be used in astronomy educatin in the developing world. Distance education has the potential to overcome - a shortage of astronomy teachers - a shortage of non-human resources - difficulties that students face in attending a campus. Additionally, distance education materials can be used to increase self-study on campus, and hence overcome the first two of these problems	['SDG04', 'SDG09']
82902813	The United States and the control of world oil	To what extent is a drive to appropriate the world's oil a driving force behind American foreign policy? This paper argues that rather than viewing US foreign policy as driven by the expansionary forces of US oil companies seeking new reserves and markets, or by rising concern about levels of import dependence, it is more illuminating to ask how the broader nature of American geopolitics shapes policies towards international oil. The United States does seek to exercise a degree of influence over world oil second to none, but the form of that influence is very ambiguous and very different from the kinds of control over raw materials traditionally associated with imperial powers	['SDG12', 'SDG16', 'SDG17']
82902840	Blackwell Reader on the City	At a time when cities are firmly back on the agenda, this Reader brings together work by prestigious academics, literary figures, political economists, geographers, film theorists, urban planners and gender theorists in order to challenge established ways of thinking about urban life.Develops a new framework for interpreting cities. Includes a variety of voices from literary figures to academics. Takes a global approach, looking at western and non-western cities. Combines canonical texts with contemporary theories on urban life	['SDG11']
83955633	A British evaluation of the Course Experience Questionnaire	The Course Experience Questionnaire (CEQ) has been developed in Australia as a performance indicator for measuring the quality of teaching on particular degree programmes. Students' responses to the CEQ have been shown to vary systematically (a) across different institutions, (b) with students' rated satisfaction with their degree programme as a whole, and (c) with their approaches to studying in higher education. In the present study, responses obtained from students in one British academic department replicated the broad constituent structure of the CEQ, although they also confirmed problems with the composition of one of its subscales concerned with appropriate assessment. It is concluded that the CEQ yields a global index of perceived teaching quality that can be used in a British setting	['SDG04']
82972256	A near real-time dual-band-spatial approach to determine the source of increased radiance from closely spaced active volcanoes in coarse resolution satellite data	Bezymianny and Kliuchevskoi volcanoes (Kamchatka) present a danger as both inject ash into North Pacific air routes. Current automated monitoring algorithms do not distinguish them in real time due to their mutual proximity (10 km) and poor geolocation accuracy of Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) data. Contrasting mid- and thermal infrared volcanic radiances are influenced by (1) differences in temperature and eruptive style of Bezymianny’s andesite and Kliuchevskoi’s basalt and (2) different temperatures of the non-volcanic portion of pixels located over their summits, due to different elevations. Data from 571 AVHRR images show the latter is more significant. Discriminant function analysis using summit and regional band 4 pixel-integrated radiant temperatures (pirT) correctly identifies the source volcano of a thermal anomaly in 89% of cases. Weather permitting, a spatial component can be added, leading to improved accuracy. The approach used here can also be applied at other closely spaced volcanoes with substantially different summit elevations	['SDG11', 'SDG13', 'SDG09']
82976539	Scenario praxis for systemic governance: a critical framework	Scenario praxis, critically explored as the theory-informed practice of scenarioing, is proposed as a modality for institutionalising knowing within a systemic governance framework. Framing and institutional considerations associated with a constructivist inquiry-based learning approach that might open capacity for innovation in future scenarioing praxis are outlined to complement and counterbalance positivist-oriented evidence-based approaches. Drawing on espoused theoretical and epistemological commitments, background literature, researcher experience, and our framing choices, we describe a heuristic device for use ex post to critically examine accounts of past scenario development, or ex ante to generate scenarios. The heuristic and its process of generation are designed for use in context-sensitive ways suited to the systemic governance of climate change adaptation and similar situations that can be framed as ‘wicked’ or uncertain	['SDG13', 'SDG16']
82905327	Pedagogical Issues in Using Networks for Teachers’ Continuous Professional Development in Egypt	Professional Networks in education aim to promote the dissemination of good practice and enhance the professional development of teachers (Sliwka, 2003). The Ministry of Education in Egypt established the National Network for Distance Training (NNDT), which became the backbone of teachers’ continuous professional development. Although the network was developed as a part of education reform policy in Egypt, many issues have emerged particularly concerning the pedagogy associated with the training and the role of the network in disseminating good practice. This paper reports on a study that examines the current structure of the Egyptian network and its associated pedagogy, and its role in the building of communities of practice. It also addresses a number of challenges that face trainers and the teachers’ during the training events via the network	['SDG04']
82923769	Putting students first: developing accessible and integrated support	About the book:Mass higher education and resource constraints have put pressures on the traditional models of academic support just when increased student numbers and greater diversity has made the need for one-to-one and small group learning more urgent. This book examines the pressures on traditional models of personal tutoring and sets this against the benefits of greater interaction and engagement to support students. The contributors offer alternative ways of conceptualising personal tutoring and describe effective new ways of implementing appropriate support systems at strategic and practical levels, and discuss the implications for training, development and support needs of university staff	['SDG08', 'SDG04']
82909396	Patterns of movement and dispersal in an endangered damselfly and the consequences for its management	1. Coenagrion mercuriale is one of Europe's rarest and most threatened damselflies. It is listed in the European Community (EC) Habitats and Species Directive and is the only odonate currently given priority status in the UK Biodiversity Action Plan. Information regarding patterns of movement and dispersal in this species is required to guide conservation and management programmes. Management is currently geared towards habitat restoration of isolated subpopulations, with little attention paid to the metapopulation and landscape context. 2. A multisite mark-release-recapture project was carried out in the valley of the River Itchen in southern England to determine the extent of movement and the factors affecting movement of mature adults of this endangered damselfly. A total of 8708 individuals was marked. 3. The species was found to be extremely sedentary, with dispersal limited to an area of contiguous habitat. The median net lifetime movement was 31.9 m and 66% of individuals moved less than 50 m in their lifetime. Movements of greater than 500 m were rare and the longest recorded movement was 1.79 km. This makes it the most sedentary odonate that has been studied in the UK. 4. The highest recapture rates and the lowest movement distances were recorded at the most isolated site. Time between capture and recapture, and day in season had an effect on movement, and individuals travelled further on their first than on subsequent moves. There was no consistent effect of age or sex on distance moved. 5. There was strong evidence for inverse density-dependent movement, with individuals moving further in low-density than high-density populations. This is the first time that inverse density-dependent movement has, to our knowledge, been observed in a natural population of odonates. 6. Synthesis and applications. Coenagrion mercuriale, along with many other invertebrate species of conservation concern, lives in a management-dependent mid-successional habitat. However, the species is highly sedentary. Furthermore, patterns of movement and dispersal are strongly affected by landscape structure and population density. This means that it is unable to recolonize isolated sites and requires 'stepping stone' habitats to improve its chances of survival in the medium to long term. Suitable habitat management between sites that are beyond the dispersal distance of individuals can be used to connect or reconnect populations. Within existing sites only small sections of habitat should be managed in any one year and new areas should be created close to existing populations. The long-term persistence of C. mercuriale and other invertebrate species requires a landscape approach to management, with connectivity an important part of management planning. It is clear that carefully conducted studies of movement and dispersal are key components in guiding invertebrate conservation strategies	['SDG15']
82909439	Supporting learner autonomy: Developing practice through the production of courses for distance learners of French, German and Spanish	The development of autonomous learners is an important goal for language teaching programmes. However, achievement of this goal depends on teachers creating an environment where learners can experience autonomy in order to become more autonomous, a process referred to by Little (2003) as “autonomization”. In distance learning, course materials are the main vehicle for this process which brings particular challenges to course writers. This paper explores those challenges and how “autonomization” can be achieved through distance language teaching materials, by examining experience and developments at The Open University (UK) during its first decade of language course production. It reports the ways in which course writers in French, German and Spanish for adult distance learners have turned commitment into practice in order to develop the capacity for reflection, metacognitive strategies and conscious decision-making essential for autonomous learning. The paper concludes by considering how support for “autonomization” can be further enhanced, the implications for course writers and future research	['SDG04']
571215497	Gender and the military in post-genocide Rwanda	More than twenty years on from the genocide, the central role played by the Presidential Guard, the Forces Armèes Rwandaises (FAR) and Gendarmerie Nationale (GN) in committing genocide in 1994, and of the Rwandan Patriotic Army in committing war crimes and contributing to the climate of insecurity in the early 1990s continues to be a legacy issue for the ruling party the RPF. The current government of Rwanda has embarked on an ambitious program to modernize state security organs and build trust among its citizens. Part of this plan includes integrating more women into the Rwanda Defence Force (RDF) and developing a more gender representative and responsive security sector. This chapter undertakes a process-orientated study of genocide to consider how the gendered nature of genocide continues to influence security policies in post-conflict Rwanda, and informs Rwandan women?s motives for joining state security organs. It is argued that while the RDF?s gender program supports shared national policy goals to mainstream gender equality across politics, economy, and culture, the program has been designed to help improve the reputation of the national armed forces and in doing so, sets out to strengthen the legitimacy of the authoritarian state. This is achieved in three ways: by supporting the implementation of internal security policy goals; attempting to improve civil-military relations; and transforming societal perceptions of military women	['SDG16', 'SDG05']
571215495	The masculine logic of DDR and SSR in the Rwanda Defence Force	Since the 1994 genocide and civil war, the Rwandan government has implemented an externally funded Demobilisation, Demilitarisation and Reintegration (DDR)/Security Sector Reform (SSR) program culminating in the consolidation of armed groups into a new, professionalised Rwanda Defence Force (RDF). Feminists argue that DDR-SSR initiatives that exclude combatant women and girls or ignore gendered security needs fail to transform the political conditions that led to conflict. Less attention has been paid to how gendered relations of power play out through gender sensitive DDR and SSR initiatives that seek to integrate women and transform hyper-masculine militarised masculinities. This article investigates how Rwanda?s DDR-SSR program is governed by an oppressive masculine logic. Drawing on critical studies on men and masculinities and feminist work on peacebuilding, myths and the politics of belonging, it is argued that Rwanda?s locally-owned DDR-SSR program places the military and militarisation at the centre of the nation-building program. Through various ?boundary construction? practices, the Rwandan government attempts to stabilise the post-1994 gender order and entrench the hegemony of a new militarised masculinity in Rwandan society. The case study draws on field research conducted in 2014 and 2015 and a discourse analysis of RDF historical accounts, policy documents and training materials	['SDG16', 'SDG05']
82971647	Coping Strategies and System Adaptation of Agricultural Biotechnology Research in Hungary	The Hungarian agricultural biotechnology sector is affected by three main sources of uncertainty; waivering public demand for GM crops, obscure national science and technology policy and the fall in funding, and regulatory policy uncertainty. Faced with uncertainty, each set of actors have adopted certain coping strategies. Some strategies allow innovative potential to be retained though continuation of activities along the same or other useful trajectories, but others might not. In the long term, uncertainty and the lack of long term planning can have serious consequences for the future of a research organisa-tion. If learning and knowledge accumulation is not accomplished, innovative potential will be damaged and the institute can fail to re-engage in the technological trajectory as it moves forward, leaving it stranded with outdated physical and human resources	['SDG02', 'SDG09']
131317092	Supporting Policy-Makers with Social Media Analysis Tools to Get Aware of Citizens’ Opinions	The role of social media in politics has increased considerably. A particular challenge is how to deal with the deluge of information generated on social media: it is impractical to read lots of messages with the hope of finding useful information. In this chapter, the authors suggest an alternative approach: utilizing analysis software to extract the most relevant information of the discussions taking place. This chapter discusses the WeGov Toolbox as one concept for policy-makers to deal with the information overload on Social Media, and how it may be applied. Two complementary, in depth case studies were carried out to validate the usefulness of the analysis results of the WeGov Toolbox components’ within its target audience’s everyday life. Firstly, the authors used the “HeadsUp” forum, operated by the Hansard Society. Here,they were able to compare the key themes and opinions extracted automatically by the Toolbox to a control group of manually pre-analyzed data sets. In parallel, results of analyses based on four weeks’ intensive monitoring on policy area-specific Facebook pages selected by Germanpolicy makers, as well as topics on Twitter globally and local, were assessed by taking into account their existing experience with content discussed and user behavior in their respective public spheres. The cases show that there are interesting applications for policy-makers to usethe Toolbox in combination with online forums (blogs) and social networks, if behavioral userpatterns will be considered and the framework will be refined	['SDG16', 'SDG17']
131317062	The Occupy Movement vs. Capitalist Realism: Seeking Extraordinary Transformations in Consciousness	"In September 2011 the spreading sentiment of ""Ya Basta!"" (""Enough""), stemming from a combination of popular protests within the same decade, particularly those occurring in Spain as part of the Indignados movement (Castañedam 2012) and from the events commonly identified as the ""Arab Spring"", became apparent in the USA. The manifestation was a ""scrappy group of anarchists"" (Occupy Wall Street, 2014) who flooded into Liberty Square, New York, to start the movement that is now most commonly known as Occupy Wall Street. The initial call to action came from a blog from Adbusters Culture Jammers HQ by Justine Tunney and Micah White, two fo the ""leaders"" of the leaderless movement (Costanza-Chock, 2012). The piece called for a ""Tahrir moment"" (Adbusters, 2011) and reflected on the type of direct action and strategy that characterized previous anti/alter-globalization social movements. In October 2011 the UK soon followed suit with its own similar call to action on the steps of St Pauls Cathedral in London. Alongside the original inception of Occupy Wall Street, the style and name of Occupy spread globally, with action taking place in over 1,500 cities (Occupy Wall Street, 2014). Attempts to contextualize and understand the significance of what might be learnt from the happenings that took place in New York, and the broader global Occupy movement until it's largely physical, but by no means imaginative, demise at the hands of state actors, has continued to steadily emerge from critical criminology and associated critical disciplinary strands of thought"	['SDG10', 'SDG16']
337616574	Lived Experiences of Mental Health Problems and Welfare Conditionality	This paper explores experiences and impacts of welfare conditionality among people with mental health problems in the UK. Understanding of these experiences and impacts is crucial given the UK Government’s ambition to increase the number of people with mental health problems who enter, return or stay in employment. The paper is based on a secondary analysis of 144 interviews originally conducted as part of the Welfare Conditionality project running between 2013 and 2018. Overall, it establishes that welfare conditionality does not have a positive impact on behavioural change and return to employment for people with mental health problems. Furthermore, it shows that those categorised as unfit for work are excluded from back-to-work support. Finally, it demonstrates that mental health is invalidated within the welfare system, and the pressure and poverty arising from conditionality and sanctions are likely to exacerbate mental health problems	['SDG03', 'SDG08']
334412079	Exploring accountability in bribery and corruption disclosures by UK listed defence companies	The aim of this chapter is to examine the bribery and corruption disclosure statements of all companies in the Defence Industry classification of the main market of the London Stock Exchange. The particular motivation for the research arises from four main areas. Firstly, the research is motivated by economic impact and the international scale of corruption. A conservative estimate of the total bribes paid worldwide is $1 trillion annually and this can cause a reduction in a country’s growth rate of between 0.5% to 1% (World Bank 2007a). Although the impact can vary from one country to another, it is estimated that losses from corruption equal 20% to 40% of overseas development aid (World Bank 2007b). In Europe, German companies are said to lose more than 6 billion euros to white collar crime each year (Martin Luther University 2007), and some 25% of UK based international companies surveyed said they had lost business to corrupt competitors in past years (Control Risks 2006). Secondly, the nature of the defence industry is such that the contract sales are very large in nature and the customers tend to be governments throughout the world. The awarding of public contracts is an element in the classification of companies as high risk (FTSE4Good 2012). The setting up of an anti-corruption organisation by the industry itself means that the problem is recognised.Thirdly, a long awaited piece of legislation was enacted in the UK. The Bribery Act was passed in 2010 and replaced the previous Act which dated back to 1916. The analysis in this chapter examines not only the quality of disclosure but also whether there was a response by the companies in anticipating the enactment of the legislation through an increase in disclosure. The final motivation is that corruption has become prominent through some very high profile cases. In December 2008, the German group Siemens pleaded guilty under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 in the US for failing to maintain controls and keep required records. According to the authorities, between 2001 and 2007, the company paid $1.4 billion in bribes, which in some cases represented up to 40% of the value of contracts . In the UK, the furore over the UK government’s decision to abandon the two year enquiry by the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) into alleged corruption involved in the BAE Systems’ £40billion defence contract with Saudi Arabia has been reported not only in the press, but also examined by international organisations such as the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). Since that time, the company agreed to pay £288 million after pleading guilty to producing false statements and accounting practices in relation to deals with Saudi Arabia and Tanzania. This included both a settlement with the SFO and the US Department of Justice, relating to activities occurring before the year 2000 . These cases illustrate the potential financial liabilities that can be incurred from corrupt actions which can be even more accentuated by reputational damage. With this in mind this research also examines whether this type of risk is disclosed under a risk management framework published by those companies thus indicating the perception of bribery by reporting entities.This chapter is divided into three main sections. The first deals with the economic impact of bribery and corruption in society as well as the relevant environments in which the defence sector companies operate. The second section discusses the methodology, the theoretical framework and the findings, while the final section produces an analysis and discussion of the results	['SDG16', 'SDG10', 'SDG08']
131317029	Strategic Orientation and Social Enterprise Performance	Even though previous research indicates that an organization’s pursuit of strategic orientation (SO) has positive effects on its performance, we have deepened and expanded our understanding of how this concept can also be applied to social enterprises (SEs). Using data collected from British and Japanese social enterprises, we examined the mediating roles of market effectiveness and consumer satisfaction in both the social and commercial domains with regard to SO effects on performance, as well as how performance in one aspect of practice positively moderates the impact of SO behavior in another. The results contribute to the development of a theory for understanding the concept of SO associated with social enterprise performance. More generally, this article contributes to the ongoing efforts to understand the strategic management aspect of social enterprises	['SDG08', 'SDG09']
334412112	Finance and Development in Sub-Saharan Africa	The five decades since independence across sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) began in 1960 haves seen dramatic shifts in the definition of economic development in the rhetoric, policy, and practice of African nations, international financial institutions (IFIs), and bilateral donors from the Global North. There has also been a significant redefinition of finance in relation to capital accumulation, and the role and functioning of national financial sectors.Approaches to economic development that were prominent between the 1950s and 1970s stressed the role of finance as a servant to industrial development. The development of manufacturing with industrial policy was viewed as an imperative in order to transform newly independent economies that were —once characterized by capitalist enclaves and extractivist structures, and formed under colonialism— into integrated and diversified modern economies that promoted productivity enhancement and employment generation.Since the 1980s, development policies have been underpinned by the logics of the Washington Consensus and by the neoclassical economics that informs the approach. Concerns of financial and industrial structure gave way to issues of efficiency of intermediation and growth, and the rejection of industrial policy. From the late -1990s, the market-centered logic has moved further towards a view that the achievement of a market- based financial system should be a goal of development in itself whereby ‘financial development’ is both the means and the ends of ‘financing development’.The shift from ‘financing development’ to ‘financial development’ and, more recently, the promotion of private finance and private sector development in SSA, has taken place in the context of the profound restructuring of the global economy and capitalist accumulation in relation to finance. Financialization can be understood most broadly as the “increasing power of the owners of money in the management of economic affairs” (Bracking, 2016: 1). The extension of power and influence over economic activities across SSA has occurred through different avenues, that includinge development policies and financial sector development programmes that take on particular local characteristics owing due to the specificity of colonial histories and capitalist development.This chapter traces broad changes in the role of finance in development policies, practices, and processes in SSA. It does so by assessing the relationship between finance and industrial development: (i) that is implied by different approaches to finance in development policy; (ii) in relation to the trends and changing patterns of external debt and financial flows on the continent; and; (iii) in the historical development of economies in SSA. The cases of Tanzania and South Africa are presented to illustrate commonalities and differences in the ways in which financial sectors have developed owing to similarities and differences in their respective colonial experience, and the character of capitalist development after independence	['SDG17', 'SDG08', 'SDG09']
82909433	National building stocks: addressing energy consumption or decarbonization?	The Building Research & Information special issue titled 'Climate Change: National Building Stocks' (2007) focused attention on the potential that the national building stock has in reducing CO2 emissions. However, can this potential be realized? To do so requires faith in energy models that suggest that demolition, new build, and the refurbishing of existing homes with insulation measures can deliver massive energy savings by 2050. But why, in the future, can there be increased efficiency and reduced consumption, when this has never occurred in the past? It is argued that the central weakness in the special issue papers is the neglect of the relationship between energy consumption and energy efficiency, and of the 'rebound effect'. The primary goal, should after all, be to reduce carbon emissions rather than energy use. Hence, emphasis should be placed on decarbonizing the centralized energy-supply systems. However, there will be a role here for micro-generation, building on the favourable image that energy efficiency has amongst the public. In 2050, we may be a low-carbon society, but I doubt we will be a low-energy one.	['SDG11', 'SDG13', 'SDG07']
131317110	Learning from food security interventions in Sub-Saharan Africa: development of evidence-based propositions to improve practice		['SDG17', 'SDG02', 'SDG01']
82979012	Facilitating decision-making by people with dementia: is spousal support gendered?	The Mental Capacity Act 2005 clarifies the decision-making rights of people lacking capacity (such as people with dementia) and requires that carers and professionals support the individual in making decisions. This paper reports key findings from a qualitative study in England which examined the social process of everyday decision-making by couples living with dementia. The author identifies the various support strategies used by spouses when seeking to facilitate decision-making by their partners with dementia and highlights how these varied by gender. The paper examines the role of gendered support in influencing whether people with dementia are enabled to exercise their decision-making capacity and, in turn, if their decisional autonomy is facilitated. As the Mental Capacity Act lacks a gender perspective, the author recommends that its ongoing implementation should be strongly gendered to ensure that women with dementia receive the support necessary to exercise their capacity and agency	['SDG03']
82974939	Low cost mobile phones for large scale teacher professional development in Bangladesh	Education has the power to transform societies and contribute to social and economic development. In this paper we present the mobile technologies used for teacher professional development (TPD) and communicative language teaching in English in Action (EIA). The project aims to assist 25 million people access greater social and economic opportunities through English language teaching and TPD. EIA, in partnership with the Government of Bangladesh, will work with 80,000 teachers through a work-based programme of TPD using audio and visual resources on low cost mobile phones. With access to over 700 audio files aligned with the national textbook English for Today and professional development films that explain and then illustrate successful student-centred English teaching and learning, the project has already documented significant improvement in teachers’ and pupils’ English language competency. This paper provides an account of, and rationale for, the changes in the technologies used across two phases of the project, from the iPod Nano and Touch used in the pilot study with 690 teachers (2009-2010) to the low cost Nokia C1-01 mobile phone with a micro secure digital (SD) being used in upscaling to 12,500 teachers (2012-2014). We argue the low cost alphanumeric mobile phone with micro SD cards provides unprecedented opportunities to both deliver TPD and improve teachers’ and students’ communicative English language skills. The paper considers the unique suitability mobile phones present for resource constrained education systems in developing countries. Simultaneously we highlight the need for further application and research into the use of mobile technologies, not only for large-scale TPD projects, but for a diversity of international development projects and programmes which aim to achieve sustainable change at scale	['SDG04']
131304754	Packaging for Sustainability		['SDG12']
82979019	Controlling behaviour using neuroleptic drugs: the role of the <i>Mental Capacity Act 2005</i> in protecting the liberty of people with dementia.	The use of neuroleptic drugs to mediate the behaviour of people with dementia living in care homes can lead to them being deprived of their liberty. Whilst regulation has been successful in reducing neuroleptic prescribing in the USA, policy guidance has been unsuccessful in reducing the use of these drugs in the UK. Yet the Mental capacity act 2005 aimed to protect the liberty of people lacking capacity and provided safeguards to ensure that they are not inappropriately deprived of their liberty in institutions. This article highlights the potential for using this law to identify when neuroleptic prescribing in care homes would deprive people with dementia of their liberty and, in turn, to act as a check on prescribing levels. However, the extent to which the Act can promote and protect the right to liberty of people with dementia is constrained by a lack of access to social rights	['SDG16', 'SDG03']
82913443	Contextual integration the unusual way: a magnetoencephalographic study of responses to semantic violation in individuals with autism spectrum disorders	Autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder associated with deficits in language and social communication. Behavioural studies indicate abnormal semantic organization in individuals with autism, but little is known about the neural mechanism underlying the processing of language in context. Magnetoencephalography was used to record neural responses in 11 able adults with autism spectrum disorders reading meaningful sentences and sentences ending with a semantically incongruous word (e.g. 'He sent a photo to the trumpet'). Spatially extended evoked signals at 400 ms (N4) and 750 ms (LPC), as well as synchronized gamma-oscillations, provided clear evidence for specific neuronal processes sensitive to sentence context that differed in individuals with autism compared with typically developing individuals (11 healthy volunteers). Amongst other differences, N4 responses following incongruous words were weaker over left temporal cortices, whereas LPC responses to incongruous words and long-latency gamma-oscillations following congruous words were stronger over central and prefrontal regions in individuals with autism compared with the control group. Also, incongruous words elicited long-lasting gamma-oscillations above 40 Hz in the clinical group, but not in typically developing subjects. These findings may indicate unusual strategies for resolving semantic ambiguity in autism. Moreover, the observed gamma-band responses provide evidence for sustained cortical synchronization across segregated areas in individuals with autism, contrary to claims that a general deficit in either temporal binding or long-range connectivity may explain autism	['SDG03']
82907266	The diffusion of e-commerce in UK SMEs	The concept of the Internet as a cluster of related innovations, along with the staged approach to organisational learning exhibited by SMEs in other domains, suggest that e-commerce is likely to be adopted in a sequence of stages. This exploratory survey, carried out by means of a postal questionnaire with 678 respondents, uses cluster analysis to derive a grouped classification of e-commerce adoption. Four groups of organisations emerge, which we term developers, communicators, promoters and customer lifecycle managers. Through inductive analysis of these groups we are able to suggest that they represent four stages in the adoption of e-commerce. Five factors found to influence this adoption are top management support, management understanding of business benefits, presence of IT skills, availability of consultancy, and prioritisation of e-commerce. In addition to these factors, several other factors influence the value of e-commerce to the enterprise for any given adoption level, notably perceived risk and customer demand. Further research is encouraged to validate and extend the stage model: further stages are hypothesised, for example, termed supply chain managers and virtual value deliverers. Implications for practitioners include the need to include customer demand information and a risk assessment in decisions on adoption, and the importance of building in-house skills as part of the adoption plan	['SDG12', 'SDG08', 'SDG09']
82972824	The economic implications of the FIFA 2010 World Cup in South Africa	The 2010 FIFA World Cup was held in South Africa; the first time the tournament had been played on the continent of Africa. Given the country’s economic and social limitations, this study examines the economic impact of the World Cup on South Africa. We argue that although the World Cup was not the salvation of the economy that might have been hoped,  it did favour some remarkable socio-economic positive outcomes. Specifically, we argue that the World Cup provided South Africa with accelerated direct and indirect economic benefits such as expanding the country’s international profile, adding to the country’s GDP, upgrading its infrastructures, and increasing international exposure for its business community, the scale and scope of which would have been inconceivable with the game	['SDG17', 'SDG08', 'SDG09']
82978967	Inclusive and exclusive social preferences: a Deweyan framework to explain governance heterogeneity	This paper wishes to problematize the foundations of production governance and offer an analytical perspective on the interrelation between agents’ preferences, strategic choice, and the public sphere (defined by impacts of choices on ‘publics’ who do not have an input in strategic choice, and by contextual conditions). The value is in the idea of preferences being social in nature and in the application both to the internal stakeholders of the organisation and its impacts on people outside. Using the concept of ‘strategic failure’ we suggest that social preferences reflected in deliberative social praxis can reduce false beliefs and increase individual wellbeing. From this approach, the paper offers a taxonomy of production organisations, based on social preferences about two variables: (i) the governance form (i.e. ownership and control rights) (ii) other strategic decisions that characterize the management of a company at a more operational level, once its fundamental legal form has been chosen. Each dimension (governance and strategic decisions processes) is then categorised alongside two basic preferences: towards inclusion or exclusion of ‘publics’ that have no substantial access to decision power about these variables. Our framework explains governance heterogeneity by contrasting exclusive and inclusive social preferences in cooperatives, social enterprises, as well as traditional corporations. A discussion of the evolution of social preferences and organizational forms is addressed through examples and regional experiences	['SDG16', 'SDG17']
82974876	Introduction	[About the book]This Reader critically examines educational issues related to equity, diversity and social justice and how they are socially, culturally and economically rooted in educational practice across diverse educational settings. It highlights research, practice and pedagogies that challenge and transform educational experiences to support equity, social justice and inclusivity.The contributors offer a broad range of methodologies and international perspectives on the effects of diversity on pedagogy, policy, management and curriculum, with the breadth of experiences underpinning inequalities a central theme. The critical perspectives and the examples explored offer a wealth of insights for those who are interested in the pursuit through education of equality, social justice and social inclusion for disadvantaged groups	['SDG10', 'SDG04']
82911365	Body image in adolescents: insights and implications	This article explores some of the key processes associated with the development of a normal body image in adolescence and considers the impact of illness on the same. Nurses are assisted to explore the ways in which their insights into body image change might assist adolescents to cope with illness, injury or disability in a more constructive way	['SDG03']
82911356	The business of child protection in educational virtual worlds		['SDG04']
82974807	Soil carbon release enhanced by increased tropical forest litterfall	Tropical forests are a critical component of the global carbon cycle and their response to environmental change will play a key role in determining future concentrations of atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO2). Increasing primary productivity in tropical forests over recent decades has been attributed to CO2 fertilization, and greater biomass in tropical forests could represent a substantial sink for carbon in the future. However, the carbon sequestration capacity of tropical forest soils is uncertain and feedbacks between increased plant productivity and soil carbon dynamics remain unexplored. Here, we show that experimentally increasing litterfall in a lowland tropical forest enhanced carbon release from the soil. Using a large-scale litter manipulation experiment combined with carbon isotope measurements, we found that the efflux of CO2 derived from soil organic carbon was significantly increased by litter addition. Furthermore, this effect was sustained over several years. We predict that a future increase in litterfall of 30% with an increase in atmospheric CO2 concentrations of 150 ppm could release about 0.6 t C ha-1 yr-1 from the soil, partially offsetting predicted net gains in carbon storage. Thus, it is essential that plant–soil feedbacks are taken into account in predictions of the carbon sequestration potential of tropical forests	['SDG13', 'SDG15']
595560173	[Book Review] Innovations in Open and Distance Learning: Edited by Fred Lockwood and Anne Gooley.		['SDG04']
323055234	Precipitation regime influence on oxygen triple-isotope distributions in Antarctic precipitation and ice cores	The relative abundance of 17O in meteoric precipitation is usually reported in terms of the 17O-excess parameter. Variations of 17O-excess in Antarctic precipitation and ice cores have hitherto been attributed to normalised relative humidity changes at the moisture source region, or to the influence of a temperature-dependent supersaturation-controlled kinetic isotope effect during in-cloud ice formation below −20 °C. Neither mechanism, however, satisfactorily explains the large range of 17O-excess values reported from measurements. A different approach, based on the regression characteristics of 103ln(1+δ17O) versus 103ln(1+δ18O), is applied here to previously published isotopic data sets. The analysis indicates that clear-sky precipitation (‘diamond dust’), which occurs widely in inland Antarctica, is characterised by an unusual relative abundance of 17O, distinct from that associated with cloud-derived, synoptic snowfall. Furthermore, this distinction appears to be largely preserved in the ice core record. The respective mass contributions to snowfall accumulation – on both temporal and spatial scales – provides the basis of a simple, first-order explanation for the observed oxygen triple-isotope ratio variations in Antarctic precipitation, surface snow and ice cores. Using this approach, it is shown that precipitation during the last major deglaciation, both in western Antarctica at the West Antarctic Ice Sheet (WAIS) Divide and at Vostok on the eastern Antarctic plateau, consisted essentially of diamond dust only, despite a large temperature differential (and thus different water vapour supersaturation conditions) at the two locations. In contrast, synoptic snowfall events dominate the accumulation record throughout the Holocene at both sites	['SDG13', 'SDG14']
82981793	An emerging concern: Toxic fumes in airplane cabins	Toxicology is a new science, the complexities of which have been highlighted in the papers contained within this special section. Our understanding of the mechanisms through which various chemicals interfere with nervous system function is constantly evolving and research is unable to keep up with the speed with which new chemicals are produced and put onto the market. Thus there are often controversies surrounding the health-effects of commercially available compounds and disagreement around what constitutes safe exposure limits. This article will introduce readers to an emerging concern in this field, the potential risk to health of toxic fumes in airplane cabins. We explore the challenges and methodological issues encountered by researchers who have tried to investigate this issue and highlight the need for further research on this topic. We hope this article will promote discussion amongst academics and clinicians, and lead to the identification of creative solutions to the methodological issues encountered to date	['SDG03']
82900346	Guiding the creation of knowledge and understanding in a Virtual Learning Environment	"This article reports findings from an in-depth case study investigating processes of teaching and learning within one tutorial group studying an e-learning course presented as part of the Open University's MA in Open and Distance Education. Drawing on contemporary socio-cultural theory and research, the instructional techniques used by the tutor-moderator to guide the creation of ""common knowledge"" and the construction of understanding are explored. The significance of tutor contributions for fostering a supportive culture of enquiry is also discussed"	['SDG04']
595560149	Correlative multi-scale cryo-imaging unveils SARS-CoV-2 assembly and egress	Since the outbreak of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, there have been intense structural studies on purified viral components and inactivated viruses. However, structural and ultrastructural evidence on how the SARS-CoV-2 infection progresses in the native cellular context is scarce, and there is a lack of comprehensive knowledge on the SARS-CoV-2 replicative cycle. To correlate cytopathic events induced by SARS-CoV-2 with virus replication processes in frozen-hydrated cells, we established a unique multi-modal, multi-scale cryo-correlative platform to image SARS-CoV-2 infection in Vero cells. This platform combines serial cryoFIB/SEM volume imaging and soft X-ray cryo-tomography with cell lamellae-based cryo-electron tomography (cryoET) and subtomogram averaging. Here we report critical SARS-CoV-2 structural events – e.g. viral RNA transport portals, virus assembly intermediates, virus egress pathway, and native virus spike structures, in the context of whole-cell volumes revealing drastic cytppathic changes. This integrated approach allows a holistic view of SARS-CoV-2 infection, from the whole cell to individual molecules	['SDG03']
82971910	Editorial introduction: psychosocial welfare: contributions to an emerging field		['SDG03']
82975604	Towards a global paradigm for research in early childhood education	Early years education is now a global activity, as school systems expand and diverse programmes become established in countries throughout the world.  We inherit a rich legacy of theories, methodologies and evidence, from the vision of early childhood pioneers to the latest empirical research.  I want to step back from particular initiatives and research evaluations to consider the underlying images of the child that inform early childhood research and practice.  What would be an appropriate child development paradigm for promoting quality early years education in a global context? I question the adequacy of much theory and research to encompass global childhoods, especially the dangers inherent in current knowledge-imbalances.  I ask about the way child development is conceptualised within early childhood work, and the potential of a sociocultural perspective.  Finally, I ask about the status of young children themselves within early education research and practice; whether they are viewed as subjects in a child development project, as participants in a process or as consumers of a service.  For each theme,  I will argue that we are witnessing a paradigm shift which takes us beyond idealisations about normal development, children's nature and their needs.  An alternative paradigm emphasises the plurality of pathways through childhood, the respects in which early development and education is a sociocultural process, and the status of children as active participants, with their own perspective on issues in their lives	['SDG04']
595560147	Single Cell Cryo-Soft X-ray Tomography Shows That Each Chlamydia Trachomatis Inclusion Is a Unique Community of Bacteria	Chlamydiae are strict intracellular pathogens residing within a specialised membrane-bound compartment called the inclusion. Therefore, each infected cell can, be considered as a single entity where bacteria form a community within the inclusion. It remains unclear as to how the population of bacteria within the inclusion influences individual bacterium. The life cycle of Chlamydia involves transitioning between the invasive elementary bodies (EBs) and replicative reticulate bodies (RBs). We have used cryo-soft X-ray tomography to observe individual inclusions, an approach that combines 40 nm spatial resolution and large volume imaging (up to 16 µm). Using semi-automated segmentation pipeline, we considered each inclusion as an individual bacterial niche. Within each inclusion, we identifyed and classified different forms of the bacteria and confirmed the recent finding that RBs have a variety of volumes (small, large and abnormal). We demonstrate that the proportions of these different RB forms depend on the bacterial concentration in the inclusion. We conclude that each inclusion operates as an autonomous community that influences the characteristics of individual bacteria within the inclusion	['SDG03']
82906852	Exploring the potential of online communities for distance tutors	As the name implies, distance tutors commonly work away from campus and rarely have an opportunity for ongoing support and informal development such as that enjoyed by campus based staff. In this context we believe there is much potential in making provision for the development of online communities. This Chapter describes four case studies of the establishment and evaluation of online communities of practice at the Open University (UK). Communities of practice are in use both as a central part of course related professional development, and also for wider pedagogical issues. Platforms in use include online conferences which support online discussion, and new wiki environments which also offer the potential for extending the use of communities of practice to the development and sharing of resources. We describe the variety of ways in which communities of practice are in use, the major factors which contribute to their success, and the social and institutional challenges to sharing and developing resources within a community	['SDG04', 'SDG09']
82974453	Creative disturbances in urban space	Inattention or indifference is a necessary means of navigation in the city to avoid being overwhelmed by ambient noise and temporal acceleration. But paradoxically, it is also a means by which we have come to ignore the ethical, the slow, the serendipitous and un-reciprocated gift. In response, industrialised space has become marked by protest as part of a repertoire of tactics to catch the eye, the attention of the passer-by, to offer alternative thoughts on the use of space and the power relations that underpin it; or simply to reinforce that someone ‘was here’, to not be submerged into urban homogeneity, to be recognised as existing. Adding to work on urban practices such as graffiti and place hacking, this essay examines the use of craft, in particular, yarn bombing, as a means to redefine and reappropriate urban space. I would like to argue that there are two kinds of disturbances on display in yarn bombing’s creative intervention. First, it is the result of seemingly unproductive work, for which nothing is paid. It is a gift to the city for which no reciprocity is asked, undermining a system of exchange that demands something in return. Second, it is assumed ‘women’s work’, that is, normally practiced in the domestic space of home, but now carried out and on display in public space raising at times uncomfortable, and humorous, contradictions in the marrying of the feminine with the activist	['SDG11', 'SDG05']
83955476	Innovation vs. Heritage: a Requirements Game to Encourage Creativity in Government Agencies' Legacy Systems Replacement Projects.	The replacement of legacy systems in government agencies is a challenging and complex process. Legacy software features and the business practices they support tend to be reproduced in replacement applications, because practitioners are averse to the risks associated with business process change. As a result, opportunities to introduce efficiencies and innovation with new technologies are missed. Since legacy replication occurs prominently during the requirements phase of legacy replacement projects, an online role-playing game (PROVO) was designed to promote creativity during the analysis and critique of business requirements stemming from legacy systems. The game was evaluated by a small group of practitioners from a municipal organization in the United States. The findings of the evaluation session are discussed and used to inform changes to PROVO’s design	['SDG16', 'SDG09']
161883113	Tips for nursing students who are starting their studies	Well, you’ve made it! You’ve started at university to begin your journey to becoming a registered nurse. Some of you might be coming straight from school or college, whilst others from different walks of life. Whatever route you’ve taken, it’s likely to have taken a few years’ of work to get to this point, to achieve the entry requirements and get through recruitment and selection. You might have had some doubts along the way about whether you’d make it but you have! And now you are here with your nursing degree programme stretching out ahead of you. It’s quite some time since I was in your position but I can still vividly remember those first few weeks, when everything felt so new and unfamiliar and, if I’m honest, a little overwhelming. And yet, almost 40 years later, I still look back on my student days as being a formative and crucial foundation for my subsequent clinical and academic career.So, as you start out on your university education, what are some of the key things for you to think about	['SDG04']
82903944	Osmium isotope evidence for the regulation of atmospheric CO2 by continental weathering	The long-term stability of Earth's climate throughout the Phanerozoic stands in marked contrast to the dramatic fluctuations that have taken place on time scales as short as a few years, reflecting the high efficiency of longer-term climate regulation through negative feedbacks. A fundamental mechanism is thought to involve control of CO2 in the ocean- atmosphere system through continental weathering, although unambiguous, high-resolution data supporting this hypothesis have hitherto not been available. Organic-rich mud rocks from Yorkshire, England, which were deposited during the Toarcian oceanic anoxic event (ca. 181 Ma, Early Jurassic), contain evidence of an exceptionally large excursion in the 187Os/188Os ratio of contemporaneous seawater, from 0.4 to 1.0. The most likely explanation for this excursion is that it resulted from a transient increase in global continental weathering rates of 400%–800%. The Os isotope excursion coincided with a well-documented global 13C excursion of –6 that affected all the major biospheric reservoirs of the time. Higher mean global temperatures caused global chemical weathering rates to increase substantially, while, in turn, chemical weathering was very effective in reducing the elevated levels of atmospheric CO2 and the high temperatures to preexcursion levels	['SDG11', 'SDG13']
82981686	Entrepreneurial Marketing in Online Businesses: The Case of Ethnic Minority Entrepreneurs in the UK	PurposeMany countries are seeing unprecedented levels of migration, raising questions about the economic contribution of individuals that settle in host countries.  We explore the operation of online businesses by ethnic minority entrepreneurs.  We apply an entrepreneurial marketing lens to explore how such entrepreneurs draw on the resources to market their businesses.  We also consider if online businesses offer such entrepreneurs the opportunity to break out of the highly competitive sectors with which they are traditionally associated.Design/methodology/approachKey informant interviews are undertaken with 22 entrepreneurs operating online businesses in the UK and augmented by complementary sources of data such as their web sites and press coverage.  FindingsUse of an entrepreneurial marketing perspective demonstrates that marketing in such businesses is not haphazard or chaotic.  Rather it reflects the emergent and flexible use of resources.  The affordances of online businesses appear to offer opportunities for break out, but the reliance on incremental experimentation and copying others results in highly homogeneous approaches to marketing.  We also provide empirical evidence of the link between visa status and entrepreneurial choices.Originality/value Despite the popularity of online businesses, previous studies have not explored them as an opportunity for ethnic minority entrepreneurs.  Our study moves the consideration of break out from market-entry to the ongoing marketing activities that sustain a business.  It also demonstrates how the domains of ethnic minority entrepreneurship and entrepreneurial marketing can be brought together via a focus on resources.  Finally, it enriches entrepreneurial marketing by evidencing connections with notions of effectuation and entrepreneur-venture fit	['SDG10', 'SDG08', 'SDG09']
551547524	Bringing the Resources of Citizens into Public Governance: Innovation through Co-production to Improve Public Services and Outcomes		['SDG16']
82980524	Children, money and work: transitions to adulthood	In this paper we scrutinise how ideas about children’s development and obligations in families affect the ways in which we understand the role of money and work in the transition to adult life. We seek to explore ways in which understandings of appropriate activities for young people and the expected obligations of parents towards their children are mediated by the contexts in which the children and their families live. The aim is to understand how young people from a range of backgrounds represent and experience work and the management of money within their families	['SDG08']
161883075	Experimental investigation of the implications of model granularity for design process simulation	Determining a suitable level of description, or granularity, for a product or process model is not straightforward, especially since granularity can manifest in multiple ways, but it is important to capture important elements in the model without building models that are too large to understand. This article investigates the implications of model granularity choices by simulating the design process of a diesel engine on different levels of detail, comparing the results and exploring ways to account for the differences. It uses two Design Structure Matrix (DSM) models for change prediction in a diesel engine at different levels of granularity to run simulations of the design process. Changes are a major source of rework and lead to frequent rescheduling of design tasks. The incremental nature of product development as well as design changes and their propagation complicate design process planning further. Process simulation may provide support in such contexts when it is based on an appropriate description of the product. The paper shows that while coarse models can give an indication of likely process behaviour, they miss potentially significant iteration loops	['SDG12', 'SDG09']
82924140	Application of pulsed-excitation fluorescence imager for daylight detection of sparse life in tests in the Atacama Desert	A daylight fluorescence imager was deployed on an autonomous rover, Zoë, to detect life on the surface and shallow subsurface in regions of the Atacama Desert in Chile during field tests between 2003 and 2005. In situ fluorescent measurements were acquired from naturally fluorescing biomolecules such as chlorophyll and from specific fluorescent probes sprayed on the samples, targeting each of the four biological macromolecule classes: DNA, protein, lipid, and carbohydrate. RGB context images were also acquired. Preparatory reagents were applied to enhance the dye probe penetration and fluorescence intensity of chlorophyll. Fluorescence imager data sets from 257 samples were returned to the Life in the Atacama science team. A variety of visible life forms, such as lichens, were detected, and several of the dye probes produced signals from nonphotosynthetic microorganisms	['SDG15', 'SDG09']
82924142	Control of lunar and Martian dust - experimental insights from artificial and natural cyanobacterial and algal crusts in the Desert of Inner Mongolia, China	Studies on the colonization of environmentally extreme ground surfaces were conducted in a Mars-like desert area of Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China, with microalgae and cyanobacteria. We collected and mass-cultured cyanobacterial strains from these regions and investigated their ability to form desert crusts artificially. These crusts had the capacity to resist sand wind erosion after just 15 days of growth. Similar to the surface of some Chinese deserts, the surface of Mars is characterized by a layer of fine dust, which will challenge future human exploration activities, particularly in confined spaces that will include greenhouses and habitats. We discuss the use of such crusts for the local control of desert sands in enclosed spaces on Mars. These experiments suggest innovative new directions in the applied use of microbe-mineral interactions to advance the human exploration and settlement of space	['SDG13', 'SDG15']
82924136	Why are some microorganisms boring?	Microorganisms from diverse environments actively bore into rocks, contributing significantly to rock weathering. Carbonates are the most common substrate into which they bore, although there are also reports of microbial borings into volcanic glass. One of the most intriguing questions in microbial evolutionary biology is why some microorganisms bore. A variety of possible selection pressures, including nutrient acquisition, protection from UV radiation and predatory grazing could promote boring. None of these pressures is mutually exclusive and many of them could have acted in concert with varying strengths in different environments to favour the development of microorganisms that bore. We suggest that microbial boring might have begun in some environments as a mechanism against entombment by mineralization	['SDG13', 'SDG15']
82978167	Student learning preferences in a blended learning environment: investigating the relationship between tool use and learning approaches	Building on research into the demands on students’ self-regulated learning when learning about conceptually rich domains with computer-based learning environments (CBLEs) (Azevedo, Current perspectives on cognition, learning, and instruction, 2008; Lajoie and Azevedo, Handbook of educational psychology, 2006), our study focuses on the research question how students self-regulate their learning in a blended learning environment. In the teaching of introductory statistics to first-year students in economics and business, the Maastricht University uses a blended learning environment that allows students to individualize by attuning available learning tools to personal preferences. The blended learning environment consists of tutorials based on the problem-based learning principle and independent learning driven by learning goals produced by these tutorials; a sequence of traditional lectures, and an electronic learning environment based on the adaptive tutorial system Assessment and LEarning in Knowledge Spaces (ALEKS). Only participation in tutorial sessions is required; the usage of other components can be set according to individual preferences. The main reason to introduce the blended learning environment had been the need to accommodate a very heterogeneous inflow of students, transferring from very different secondary school systems with large differences in prior knowledge of statistics. For example, whereas a part of prospective students has had prior schooling in statistics, the majority of the inflow is educated within secondary school systems that lack coverage of statistics. The principle of repeated formative, adaptive testing that serves as the kernel of the ALEKS tool and steers all student learning and practicing makes the tool tailored to bridge short falling prior knowledge. However, on top of accommodating cognitive differences, the tool appeared to accommodate differences in learning styles.In this study, we will focus on this last aspect, by investigating the relationship between the intensity of the use of the electronic learning environment ALEKS and student background characteristics, such as learning style preferences, achievement motivation, self-concept constructs and subject attitudes. Data of about 4,650 freshmen from six subsequent cohorts participating in this course are used. Correlational analyses suggest that especially less academically prepared students profit most from the e-learning facilities in the blended learning environment: intensity of e-learning is positively correlated with the step-wise (surface) learning style and the dependency of a stimulating learning environment, and negatively correlated with mathematical self-concept and attitudes towards the subject statistics. These findings suggest that facilitating different learning approaches in the freshman program might help in the transition of less academically adapted students	['SDG10', 'SDG04']
82911959	Intermediate care: An interprofessional education opportunity in primary care	The article discusses the interprofessional education project of the Primary Care Trust Intermediate Care Services, which offers opportunity to medical students to increase their knowledge about interprofessional education in England. It states that the said project helps students observe health professionals working together in a real setting. The IPE evaluations and framework for practice are also discussed	['SDG03', 'SDG04']
82980111	Are student-led Facebook groups open educational practices?	The lure of Facebook for university students has grown in recent years, with many defecting from institution provided formal online tuition spaces to student-led, study-focused groups on the social media platform. Various studies (see Tess, 2013) have evaluated the impact of institution-led use of Facebook within the context of formal education. However, only recently have researchers begun to explore learner-driven Facebook use (e.g. Dron and Anderson, 2014; Gardner, 2014; Kent and Leaver, 2014). Our study contributes to this research and is grounded in two stimuli: (1) our previous research into self-educating, online forum and Facebook-based informal learning communities, conducted when developing the public open scholar role (Coughlan and Perryman, 2012); and (2) our background as academic managers with The Open University (OU) UK. The latter led to our becoming aware that many OU students use Facebook groups to support their formal studies.  Observing this phenomenon led us to ask: are student-formed Facebook groups really open educational practices and can they facilitate learning and help achieve educational inclusion?To answer these questions we closely analysed 10 student-led OU study-related Facebook groups, with a combined membership of approximately 2600. We first looked for a suitable existing framework for evaluating OEPs, but found none were ideally applicable to Facebook. We therefore adopted a hybrid evaluation strategy drawing on several frameworks as a basis for investigating:·      the level of openness in our case study groups;·      the degree to which the groups are educational;·      the practices that take place in the groups.Our research shows that student-led Facebook groups can be a very valuable form of open educational practice, with university students making a significant contribution to their education through these groups. It is apparent that a combination of peer-provided guidance around academic practices and study skills, extensive emotional support, and discussion of module content in these groups can be a powerful complement to formal tuition.  Following Gardner (2014) we suggest such groups feature the student-student interaction component of Anderson’s Interaction Equivalency Theorem (Anderson, 2003), sitting alongside top-down teaching and content.Our research has the potential to shift the focus of the open education movement from researching students as co-producers of objects to exploring the ways in which students co-develop educational processes and are partners in the creation of new knowledge.  We recommend that universities should consider the extent to which Facebook groups can complement the formal learning experience and that tutors should learn how to use Facebook proficiently and observe a variety of open groups over time in order to better understand the role of Facebook in students’ learning. We are hopeful our research will lead to a refinement of the term ‘open educational practice’ involving a shift of focus from the creation and top-down, educator-led ‘distribution’ of OER to the collaborative creation of new knowledge and an open culture of peer support	['SDG04']
82974425	Family-centred care and the evolving role of fathers	Family-centred care is central to children's nursing and has its origins in the development of understanding of relationships between mothers and children. The practice  of family-centred care needs to adapt, particularly in relation to fathers in order to respond to changing family forms, changing roles of family members and an emphasis in policy on father involvement	['SDG03', 'SDG05']
83955481	Education and the impact of schooling		['SDG04']
82905765	Producing hospitality, consuming lifestyles: lifestyle entrepreneurship in urban Scotland		['SDG11', 'SDG08']
83955545	Circular Economy Research in the Built Environment: A Theoretical Contribution	Circular economy is quickly gaining momentum across numerous research fields. The founding principles of circular economies lie in a different perspective on, and management of, resources under the idea that an ever-growing economic development and profitability can happen without an ever-growing pressure on the environment. As such, the built environment has a lot to contribute, being the sector with the greatest environmental impacts. However, the few existing cases of current research in the built environment from a circular economy perspective seem to have just replaced the 3R principle (reduce, reuse, recycle) with the new ‘buzz-word’. In this paper, we argue that a significantly different research approach is necessary if the circular economy is to keep up to its promise of being a new paradigm for sustainability. We therefore propose a framework to formulate building research from within a circular economy perspective. The framework is built around six pillars and acknowledges the key role of interdisciplinary research and that of both bottom-up and top-down initiatives to facilitate the transition to ‘circular’ buildings. Although theoretical in nature, the framework has been tested against current discourse about buildings and circular economies and it has proven a valuable tool to cluster existing initiatives and highlight missing interdisciplinary links. As such it can provide a valuable starting point to contribute to the theoretical foundations of building research from within the new paradigm of circular economies and also shape future research directions	['SDG11', 'SDG12', 'SDG09', 'SDG17']
161883122	How Information Technology Assimilation Promotes Exploratory and Exploitative Innovation in the Small- and Medium-Sized Firm Context: The Role of Contextual Ambidexterity and Knowledge Base	This research sheds new light on how information technology (IT) assimilation affects exploratory and exploitative innovation in the context of small- and medium-sized firms (SMEs). This contextualization is important in establishing the boundary conditions for the theory, as well as generating specific managerial insights for SME managers. A sample of 248 UK-based SMEs in the manufacturing industry demonstrates contextual ambidexterity (CA) mediates the relationship between IT assimilation and two types of innovation. This finding highlights that IT assimilation does not automatically promote innovation. Instead, IT assimilation represents a critical resource that enables the effective implementation of CA, which in turn affects innovation. This implies that SMEs cannot fully realize the potential of their IT assimilation and use it to enable innovation without implementing CA. Furthermore, this study differentiates between two different dimensions of knowledge base: knowledge breadth and knowledge depth. This study finds that knowledge breadth moderates the indirect IT assimilation-exploratory innovation relationship by influencing the effect of CA on exploratory innovation. Knowledge depth, on the other hand, moderates the indirect IT assimilation-exploitative innovation relationship by influencing the effect of CA on exploitative innovation. This finding implies that SMEs can benefit from their IT assimilation that enables them to engage in CA, which in turn allows them to perform innovation. However, it is apparent that the dimension of knowledge that SMEs hold internally can determine what types of innovation that they are able to perform	['SDG08', 'SDG09']
82976067	‘Ears before eyes’: expanding tutors’ interaction skills beyond physical presence in audio-graphic collaborative virtual learning environments	This chapter considers how the absence of certain aspects of non-verbal behaviour affects interaction in audio-graphical learning environments. The authors introduce strategies to deal with turn-taking, time lag and other incidences, while observing the difficulty in applying the communicative approach to language teaching in these settings. By highlighting the limited validity of an extrapolation of methodologies between face-to-face and virtual classrooms, we call for research to address the need for a new course of action; one that takes full advantage of the technology in its own right	['SDG04']
151170823	Exploring research methods for educational leadership		['SDG04']
82922156	Consumer behaviour towards sustainability in fashion	The consumption of fashion has grown in recent years as prices of clothing have fallen leading to “cheap chic”, clothes that are worn a few times then discarded.  This has led to various ethical and environmental concerns within the framework of sustainability. One response to these issues was Considerate Design which integrated these concerns into the design process. An exploratory study was conducted to examine consumer attitudes towards sustainability within the context of fashion including the Considerate Design concept. It was revealed that whilst consumers were concerned about the environment, there was a very low awareness of environmental issues and attitudes did not translate into action with very few buying ethical/green fashion. It was also apparent that consumers were inconsistent, acting differently to what their stated attitudes were. There was inconsistency in the behaviour of many participants, that whilst they wished to behave in a certain manner, circumstances forced them to behave otherwise. Emotionally, buying and wearing clothes was a very complex issue for people with certain items being much-loved, either as items cherished for many years or as recent impulse buys. Self-image was a primary concern for some. For others the opinions of their peer group influenced what clothes they wore. When shopping for clothes many factors were important to participants with sustainability the last on the list. It is evident that when designing for sustainability, the emotional needs and wants of customers must be taken into consideration	['SDG11', 'SDG12']
